SEOUL, South Korea — As monuments go, this one seems puny and tasteless next to the designer glass skyscrapers and upscale fashion boutiques of the affluent Gangnam district. Yet, it occupies a spot of honor right across from Samsung's corporate headquarters : a hastily built plywood stage decorated with black, cutout silhouettes of a rotund man who appears to be prancing like a horse .This is the first public display to honor Psy, the South Korean rapper whose viral dance video, " Gangnam Style," put Gangnam on the lips of YouTube watchers around the world. The local government plans to open a visitor center in February that could eventually include a life-size hologram of the singer, whose real name is Park Jae-sang, performing his buffoonish dance.But Mr. Park's success has also helped feed much grander ambitions. Already famous within Korea as the opulent stamping grounds of this nation's nouveau riche, the district now wants to seize the " Gangnam Style " craze as a chance to win the global recognition that it believes it deserves as a center of fashion, entertainment and, self-professedly, conspicuous consumption."Psy appeared right when we were ready to take Gangnam global," said Shin Yeon-hee, the district's mayor . "We already believe we are on par with Manhattan or Beverly Hills in every way."The question is how to capitalize on Mr. Park's video, which in the five months since it appeared has already become the first ever on YouTube to register more than a billion hits. While Korea's heavily produced boy and girl bands and syrupy television dramas have done well in the rest of Asia, the " Korean Wave" has so far failed to make inroads in the West — until " Gangnam Style ."But many here seemed surprised by the explosive popularity of the video, perhaps because few expected the breakthrough to come from Mr. Park, a midlevel star who is as much a comedian as a singer. The district government has been left scrambling to catch up. Its 13-member tourist promotion office, created in November, first built the wooden stage at Gangnam station, the closest thing the area has to a center. Next will come the visitor center, with the holograms of Korean pop stars including, they hope, Mr. Park. (They have yet to sign a deal with the rapper.) Within a year or so, officials hope to finish Hallyu Drive, which will feature stars' handprints in its sidewalks.The district aims to double the number of tourists from about,000 in, most of them from China and Japan, by increasing the tiny number of visitors from the West ."Thanks to Psy, even people who don't know South Korea now know Gangnam," said Kim Kwang-soo, who heads the new tourism office.The officials admit this will be an uphill battle . Despite the song's name, Gangnam itself barely appears in the video, except as a distant, high-rise -studded skyline. "We need to create a stronger connection between the song and the district," Mr. Kim said.What Mr. Park does do in his video is parody the area's reputation for pretentious displays of wealth. In one scene, a man in a yellow suit and oversized sunglasses saunters over to a red sports car ; in another, the rapper himself prances in a tuxedo between glamorous women.Some of that flaunting of wealth is apparent in the actual Gangnam district, which sits across the broad Han River from central Seoul, the South Korean capital . (Gangnam means " south of the river.") Corporations seem to compete for the most futuristic skyscraper, while residents drive flashy cars, party at wine bars and get their chins tucked at one of the hundreds of plastic surgery clinics.Gangnam also appears intent on recreating the sort of upper-middle-class American lifestyle seen in Hollywood movies or experienced by returning immigrants or students. The area boasts broad, Los Angeles -style boulevards (with Los Angeles -style traffic jams . Trendy restaurants offer all-day brunch and burritos. (Both are rare in most of Asia .) Seattle -style coffee shops are found not only on every block, but in every building.
No. 9 Minnesota used an 18-2 run over the final seven minutes to beat No. 18 Michigan State, 76-63, on Monday, opening Big Ten play with an emphatic win over a team that has owned the Gophers for years. Michigan State (11-3) had beaten Minnesota (13-1) in 13 of the past 15 meetings.The Spartans led by 5 points with less than 8 minutes 30 seconds to play and they were throwing their weight around at Williams Arena in Minneapolis once again. But Minnesota did something it rarely does against Michigan State : it pushed back. Andre Hollins had 22 points and 6 assists and Rodney Williams added 15 points and 6 rebounds . INDIANA, IOWA 65 Cody Zeller had 15 of his 19 points in the second half and No. 5 Indiana (13-1) opened Big Ten play with a win at Iowa . Victor Oladipo scored 14 points for the Hoosiers, who ended a four-game losing streak in Iowa City . GONZAGA, OKLA. ST . 68 Kevin Pangos scored 23 points and made the clinching free throws with.3 seconds left, and No. 10 Gonzaga (13-1) edged No. 22 Oklahoma State to spoil one of the Cowboys' most anticipated nonconference games at Gallagher- Iba Arena in decades. Marcus Smart led Oklahoma State (10-2) with 23 points but missed two free throws with.7 seconds left and the Cowboys trailing by. CINCINNATI, PITTSBURGH 61 Cashmere Wright scored 18 points and Sean Kilpatrick added 16 to help No. 14 Cincinnati (13-1) open its Big East schedule with a win. Talib Zanna led No. 24 Pitt (12-2) with 16 points, but the Panthers missed all 10 of their 3- point attempts . SYRACUSE, CENT. CONN. ST . 62 No. 7 Syracuse (12-1) won at home to give Orange Coach Jim Boeheim his 902nd career win, tying him with Bob Knight for second among Division I coaches. Duke's Mike Krzyzewski leads with.N.C. ST . 89, U.N.C. GREENSBORO 68 U.N.C. Greensboro lost to No. 23 North Carolina State after losing Trevis Simpson to a freak injury. Simpson, the nation's 15th- leading scorer, was walking to the pregame meal at the team hotel when an automatic door opened. Caught by surprise, Simpson flinched and heard a pop in his right ankle. KANSAS ST . 70, NORTH DAKOTA 50 Nino Williams scored 16 points and No. 25 Kansas State (11-2) pulled away late. Trailing by 12 points at halftime, South Dakota cut the lead to 5 with less than eight minutes left. UCONN, OREGON 51 Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis scored 19 points and No. 1 Connecticut (12-0) celebrated its return to the top of the rankings with an easy win at Oregon . Earlier in the day, the Huskies took over the No. 1 spot in the Associated Press poll for the first time since the end of the 2010-11 season. NOTRE DAME, ST . FRANCIS (PA.) 55 Markisha Wright scored 20 points for No. 5 Notre Dame, which forced 33 turnovers and turned them into 49 points. Notre Dame's next game is its Big East opener Saturday at Connecticut .U.C.L.A. 73, ST . JOSEPH'S 65 Thea Lemberger tied her career high with four 3-pointers in scoring 20 points to lead No. 16 U.C.L.A. (9-2) at home. LOUISVILLE, TENN. ST . 25 Monique Reid scored 20 points and Sara Hammond and Sheronne Vails each had double-doubles for No. 11 Louisville, which tied its record for fewest points allowed . The 63-point margin of victory was the sixth largest in Cardinals' history; they notched the second largest with a 74-point win over Wagner in their last game, on Dec. 21.
 EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — Giants Coach Tom Coughlin challenged his players Sunday night to gather explanations for what happened to the team down the stretch this season, although by Monday morning, the concrete answers still had not come. They probably never will.The Christmas decorations were down, the shiny gray garbage bags were out, and a new, unspoken feeling permeated the locker room, one that had not been felt in more than a year: regret."You feel like you've been punched in the stomach a little bit," defensive end Justin Tuck said Monday, the day after the team's season ended . "You know we have a high-quality football team that could make a lot of noise in the playoffs if that would've happened, but it didn't."Wild swings of inconsistency haunted the Giants, the defending Super Bowl champions who missed the playoffs for a second time in three seasons. Personnel changes are inevitable in the coming days . General Manager Jerry Reese said an evaluation process was only just being started, and Coughlin indicated he wanted the entire coaching staff, including the defensive coordinator Perry Fewell, to return for. But with nearly two dozen restricted and unrestricted free agents on the roster, there will certainly be tweaks."I don't think we're that far off, to be honest," Reese said. "This team will look different, but I think we have a good core coming back."The defense will be examined most sharply. It dropped off significantly in almost every statistical category from the previous season . The Giants finished 31 st in the league in total defense, 25th against the rush, 30th in third-down defense and 32nd in sacks, all with largely the same players that buoyed their championship run.Fewell, in his third year as the coordinator, took criticism, but Coughlin did not pin the blame solely on his work and system."Based on what was said by Perry Fewell, the thing that was not happening was plays were not being made," Coughlin said. "I don't think the defense would disagree with you at all on that one."Reese's only real pointed comments Monday were directed at a defense that struggled down the stretch without forcing a turnover against Atlanta or Baltimore ."We expect our defense to play better than that," Reese said. "We think we had some good players defensively. There were some plays that needed to be made that didn't get made."Linebacker Chase Blackburn and safeties Kenny Phillips and Stevie Brown are free agents, and there may be other changes in store . Defensive end Osi Umenyiora has already said he does not expect to be back; the same might be said for defensive back Corey Webster. Tuck said his four sacks this season were unacceptable."My performance is nowhere near where I envisioned for myself coming into training camp," Tuck said. "I am disappointed in my play."The general mood in the locker room, though, was not particularly depressed. Some players spoke remorsefully about how the final month played out, with blowout losses to Atlanta and Baltimore ; others seemed dazed that there were no film sessions or practices ahead. Tight end Martellus Bennett, another free agent, planned to lobby Reese to sign his brother, Michael, a free-agent defensive end with Tampa Bay, so they could car-pool together.The overwhelming tone was optimism that the team did not need to do much to get back into the postseason. Coughlin said some of the finest games he had seen since arriving were played this year, and the losses that bothered him most were by a combined 3 points, to Philadelphia and to Washington ."This whole off-season, everybody's going to try to knock you down and say you're in the same boat as teams that won two games," Tuck said. "We're not, we're not. We still have a very quality football team ."Safety Antrel Rolle said the main problem was consistency, and he spoke critically of what he perceived as dips in effort on defense at times this season."When it was there, you could see it, nobody had to question it," Rolle said. "There was also times when we weren't playing Giants football . I think it was quite obvious at times."The Giants finished 9-7 last season, sneaked into the postseason, ran the table, and performed their exit interviews in early February before hopping on buses headed toward a parade through the Canyon of Heroes. A 9-7 record did not go the same way this year."It's not pleasant," Coughlin said. "It's not pleasant at all. Why? Because you expect so much more, and rightfully so."Receiver Hakeem Nicks said he was unsure if he would need off-season surgery to repair his injured left knee, which had been bothering him since Week. He admitted he was never able to get back to 100 percent. "I was never quite myself," Nicks said Monday.
To lighten the mood of the Giants' season's eulogy, Tom Coughlin sprinkled a few well-intended quips into his coach's 2012 assessment — but Billy Crystal he is not. General Manager Jerry Reese, next to the podium, added, "Wish I had something clever to say, but we didn't get the job done."Typical Giants, in button-down blue. For inspired rhetoric or slapstick, we would have had to venture a few miles west of East Rutherford, to Florham Park, where the Jets were also bidding us adieu. But after announcing the removal of General Manager Mike Tannenbaum on Monday morning, they mysteriously canceled Coach Rex Ryan's scheduled late afternoon meeting with reporters.Let the speculation reign and the headlines roll.There will be no playoff football played by either New York-area team, but in keeping with the behavioral patterns of the respective organizations, the Giants could at least point to and rue a handful of plays in explaining their failure to earn an opportunity to defend their Super Bowl title .Meanwhile, the Jets finished as they started, a bleating ensemble of confusion bordering on chaos .With the exception of most Sundays, it is difficult to argue that they didn't provide first-rate entertainment, even if they — an 8-8 study in mediocrity last season, devolving to a 6-10 train Rex — never deserved the equal and sometimes superior billing they got with their MetLife Stadium co-tenant. If Tim Tebow was — as many have postulated — the owner Woody Johnson's trophy acquisition to counter the Giants' Super Bowl hardware, consider that marketing a rousing success.The Jets sold counterfeit quarterback chronicles that we — especially the New York news media — bought hook, line and laptop. Marginally talented and mostly tethered to the sideline, Tebow somehow drew more attention than Eli Manning, a two-time Super Bowl most valuable player, whose admittedly uneven performance this season was certainly worthy of weekly dissection.There has always been a pecking order in the coverage of the crowded New York sports market, based not only on location ( Knicks over Nets ) but often on performance ( Yankees over Mets .During Ryan's first two years that produced successive trips to the A.F.C. Championship game, much was made by him and others of how the Jets had taken ownership of the real estate . Then there was a fateful Giants -Jets meeting last season, the day before Christmas, when everything Ryan had worked for was spectacularly reversed in the blink of Victor Cruz's bursting into the clear.Yes, the Giants gave every indication that there was no point in worrying about them this season — not until the playoffs — by storming out to a three-game divisional lead. And Ryan's Jets were that difficult-to-miss distraction, the figurative brawl breaking out in a high school cafeteria.Still, there was something disquieting about how effective they were at commanding the spotlight with their nonsense narratives, with their Wildcat formation that never really was, and with Ryan's bluster that belied so much early evidence that his playmaker-challenged team was going to be no good."The fact that we're picked fourth in our division or third by some — really?" he said on the day the Jets convened for summer camp in upstate New York . Really, they finished tied for third and fourth with Buffalo, one of seven N.F.L. teams to fire their coaches on Monday.With Tannenbaum out and Tony Sparano likely to become the second offensive coordinator thrown under the bus in two years, Ryan may not coach forever but he should have a fine future as a contestant on "Survivor." And with Tebow all but gone, the Jets should be able to restock the gossip columns for a year or two by forcing the new general manager to play nice with Ryan whether he thinks Ryan is a good coach or not. Good luck to them.Back in the Giants' locker room, the defensive end Justin Tuck nodded when it was suggested to him that reporters were obsessed with Ryan's Jets and should have known from the start that they were just a competitive tease."I could have told you that," he said, laughing. "But honestly, we don't care about the attention they got. We hope the Jets continue to get all the headlines. It makes things a lot simpler for us."You know, some teams kind of relish being in the spotlight. Our spotlight comes from winning football games."In the most simple of final analyses, the Giants didn't win enough games despite finishing with the same record, 9-7, as last season. "We got away with it last year," Reese said, referring to that ever-shifting line of N.F.L. success for teams not at the competitive extremes.There are no guarantees, but the Giants, unlike the Jets, do have the organizational stability and blueprint for success, and a proven quarterback .Manning said he would most regret the road loss to Washington, when the Giants could have put Robert Griffin III and his divisional upstarts away. Coughlin also mentioned that game, along with blowing a 10-point lead in the fourth quarter at home to Pittsburgh and losing at Philadelphia, where Manning's decision to throw long when already close enough for a winning field goal attempt resulted in a damning offensive- pass-interference call.Given that the Giants were fortunate to salvage a late victory over the Redskins at home, losing to the Eagles should probably haunt them the most.At least the season is far from over for the family Manning. After doubling Peyton's Super Bowl ring total last February, Eli said he would now root for Peyton, who is trying to author one of the great comeback stories in Denver . Think of what the brothers have achieved in recent years and then about how much we all were fixated these past few months on Tebow, Mark Sanchez and Greg McElroy.
 LOS ANGELES — Kevin Hogan simply stood there, his eyes despondent, fixated on something in the distance. Hogan and Stanford had just upset Oregon, on the road, in Hogan's second career start, and a television reporter was trying to elicit excitement, or at least a grin, during a postgame interview.This was the same player who, as his teammates were screaming and searching for someone to hug in the moments after the game, had found his coach and apologized for a now-meaningless fumble that a teammate had recovered. For the reporter, no excitement would come.A few teammates watched the interview on the flight home. Back at Hogan's suite, they watched again, laughing and debating whether Hogan was a robot."You would think he just lost a high school football game," said Kevin Reihner, a backup center and one of Hogan's roommates. "We always joke, Kevin Hogan is probably the least interesting person you'll ever meet in your life."Of course, they used to say the same thing about Hogan's predecessor, Andrew Luck, the top pick in this year's N.F.L. draft.But Hogan is no Luck, Stanford Coach David Shaw said. He laughed, adding, not even close. Maybe someday, Hogan will get there, Shaw hoped. The reason Hogan started and won Stanford's last four games, and the reason the Cardinal will play in Tuesday's Rose Bowl against Wisconsin, is that he plays and behaves like Luck.During his redshirt year, Hogan had been told to emulate Luck, mimic his every move, said Pep Hamilton, Stanford's offensive coordinator . He watched how Luck rolled out and evaded would-be tacklers and improvised; how he read defenses and chose plays; and how he showed poise in the huddle.Those skills would be expected of any Stanford quarterback thereafter.Josh Nunes tried to be like Luck. He beat out Brett Nottingham, Luck's backup last season, to be Luck's successor. With Nunes, Stanford beat Southern California but lost to Washington and Notre Dame . Then the offense sputtered against lowly California and Washington State . Nunes could not run like Luck, or Hogan, for that matter.At first, Hogan could not play like Luck, either. It took Hogan a season and a half to emulate Luck, until Shaw trusted him enough to split time with Nunes against Colorado on Nov. 3."Of all the guys we had in the quarterback room, his skill set was more like Andrew's than anybody else," Hamilton said. "The system had evolved and really had been built around Andrew's talents. So why not give a guy with similar talents an opportunity?"Watch how and when Luck runs, Hogan had been told. At 6 feet 4 inches and 224 pounds, Hogan stands tall and is sturdy, like Luck. His teammates knew Hogan had long been ready physically. They had played pickup basketball with him and watched him throw down windmill dunks with ease."He'll hit a jump shot and not stop talking trash all the way down the court," Reihner said. Colorado quickly learned, too. Stanford scored touchdowns on each of Hogan's first four drives. On a third-and, Hogan recognized man-to-man defense, which left him unaccounted for. He rolled right and took off down the sideline for 20 yards .Hamilton reintroduced the quarterback rollouts and runs that he had set aside when Nunes was starting. The offense resembled what Luck had mastered. On third down, Hogan threw or ran as he pleased. Before the Colorado game, Stanford had converted.5 percent of its third downs. Since then, the Cardinal have converted.2 percent.Shaw had no choice but to play Hogan, who led Stanford to victories over three ranked teams — Oregon State, Oregon, and U.C.L.A — before he helped to beat U.C.L.A. again in the Pacific-12 championship game Nov. 30.Watch how Luck studies film, Hogan had been told. With Stanford, the quarterback is often given a choice of three or four plays and the freedom to choose which one he likes based on how the defense is aligned. Training a quarterback to think like a Stanford quarterback takes time.
At the start of the season, Southern California was ranked No. 1, and Matt Barkley was a strong contender for the Heisman Trophy . Just a few months later, the Trojans' year ended with Barkley on the sideline for a loss to Georgia Tech in the Sun Bowl.Tevin Washington threw a touchdown pass and ran for another score to lead the Yellow Jackets to a 21-7 victory on Monday in El Paso .Washington's 1- yard touchdown run early in the third quarter gave Georgia Tech a 14-7 lead, and he found Orwin Smith for a 17-yard touchdown pass early in the fourth.Barkley, the first three-time captain in U.S.C.'s history, injured his right shoulder in a loss to U.C.L.A. in November and was not cleared to play. His replacement, Max Wittek, tossed a 9-yard touchdown pass to Silas Redd in the second quarter, but he also threw three interceptions.The Trojans (7-6) struggled to contain Georgia Tech's triple-option attack . The Yellow Jackets (7-7) rushed for 294 yards on 63 carries while stopping a seven-bowl losing streak .U.S.C. became the first Associated Press preseason No. 1 team to lose six games. It's all but assured of being the first program to enter the season on top of the poll and finish unranked since Mississippi in."We can't be," Trojans Coach Lane Kiffin said. "That's not U.S.C., and that's not our expectations. That's not why we came here. Obviously, we have some work here to get that fixed."Even if we'd won this game, we'd still be very disappointed in this season. It's well below our standards." CLEMSON, L.S.U. 24 Chandler Catanzaro kicked a 37-yard field goal as time expired to give No. 14 Clemson (11-2) a wild win over No. 9 Louisiana State (10-3) in the Chick-fil -A Bowl in Atlanta .Trailing by, Clemson took possession at its 20 with 1 minute 39 seconds remaining . Tajh Boyd completed a pass for 26 yards to DeAndre Hopkins on a fourth-and-16 play to extend the decisive 10-play drive.Hopkins, who had 13 catches for 191 yards and 2 touchdowns, also had receptions for 7 and 13 yards and drew a pass- interference penalty on the final drive. TULSA, IOWA STATE 17 Trey Watts rushed for 149 yards, Alex Singleton ran for three scores, and Tulsa avenged a season-opening loss to Iowa State with a victory in a rainy Liberty Bowl in Memphis .The Golden Hurricane (11-3) posted the second 11-win season in team history. Tulsa, which has the smallest enrollment of any Football Bowl Subdivision program, also finished 11-3 in. Iowa State (6-7) rallied to beat Tulsa, 38-23, on Sept. 1, but the Golden Hurricane put together the comeback in the rematch. Tulsa trailed, 17-7, at the end of the first quarter. VANDERBILT, N.C. STATE 24 Jordan Rodgers threw two touchdown passes and ran for another score as Vanderbilt capped its best season since 1915 by defeating North Carolina State in the Music City Bowl in Nashville.The Commodores finished, their best record since going 9-1 in. This season was the third time Vanderbilt, the Southeastern Conference's smallest university, had won nine games.BOISE ST . BACKS OUT OF BIG EAST Boise State has backed out on a commitment to join the Big East and will remain a member of the Mountain West in. Boise State left the Western Athletic Conference for the Mountain West after the 2010 season. The Broncos were scheduled to join the Big East next season for football only; Boise State's other sports were going to compete in the Big West .But more recent defections from the Big East made Boise State reconsider. And the Broncos were able to cut a deal with the Mountain West that could allow Boise State to cash in on its popular football program.
Americans sold off their stock mutual funds, the most popular way to invest in American companies, at the fastest clip since, the year the financial crisis began . That occurred despite the fact that the stock market itself rose steadily; the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500- stock index ended the year up.4 percent. Investors have been opting instead for the assumed safety of bonds . Money has been steadily flowing into mutual funds holding bonds of all sorts for the last four years, but the pace accelerated this year. The percentage of household investments in bonds shot up to 26 percent from 14 percent just five years ago, according to Morningstar.Entering the new year, a growing number of professional investors are betting that the craze for bonds has gone too far, perhaps dangerously so, as has been evident in the headlines from the year-end reports from large investment firms . "Bond PAIN in?" Wells Capital Management's chief strategist asked. "Caution: Turn Ahead," BlackRock analysts wrote. "The inflection year," said Bank of America .This is not the first time that analysts have forecast an end to the rally in bond values that has lasted for decades. But previously many of the voices predicting it were pessimists who believed that investors would sell off their bonds when they lost faith in the American government's ability to pay back its bonds, forcing the government and many other bond issuers to pay higher interest rates . When interest rates rise, older bonds with lower interest rates are worth less.While those previous forecasts have proved expensively wrong, this year the forecasters are being joined by many economic optimists who argue that a strengthening American economy is likely to make investors willing to embrace the risks involved in stocks, luring them out of bonds . The question, they say, is only how quickly it will happen."Mathematically, it's next to impossible to get the kind of returns on bonds you've seen over the last few years," said Kate Moore, the chief global equity strategist at Bank of America .When the turn does ultimately come, it is likely to cause pain for at least some of the people who have been investing in bonds in recent years ."You don't want to be the last one out the door when the trends turn," said Rebecca H. Patterson, the chief investment strategist at Bessemer Trust. "All good things come to an end and we want to make sure we're in front of it."Most of the talk of investors shifting money from bonds into stocks relies first on the assumption that politicians in Washington are able to resolve the current impasse over the so-called fiscal cliff, the automatic spending cuts and tax increases that will go into effect if Congress and President Obama do not come to an agreement, and the coming debate over the nation's debt ceiling. (Late Monday evening, the two sides crept closer to a deal, tentatively agreeing to raise taxes on incomes above,000.)But a number of surveys suggest that professional investors are already starting to prepare for a shift. Hedge funds polled by Bank of America said that they had more of their portfolio allocated to stocks than at any time since.All but one of the 13 bank strategists tracked by Birinyi Associates expects stock markets to rise in. When 2012 began, the same strategists were predicting a downturn in share prices . Even among mutual fund investors, there are signs that the flows out of stocks and into bonds have been slowing down recently.The preference for bonds has already been costly for retail investors . Over the last year, most types of American bonds have returned less than an investment in the S.& P. 500. When inflation is factored in, the benchmark 10-year Treasury security is delivering negative returns .But many investors are still rattled by the 2008 financial crisis and the turbulence in the stock markets since then, which have led to wild swings. Over the last five years, all major types of American bonds have done better than leading stock indexes .The Federal Reserve has been engaged in an aggressive effort to buy bonds and drive down interest rates. The long term goal of that program is to encourage banks to lend money and to drive investors out of bonds . But in the meantime, falling interest rates have made bonds more attractive. The Fed has said it wants to keep rates low until, though it could let them rise sooner if the economy picks up faster than expected. The 10-year Treasury hovered near 4 percent in recent years but has stayed below 2 percent for much of.
EVANSTON, Ill. — From the sidelines at a recent practice, Northwestern Coach Pat Fitzgerald looked as if he could have been a player. Fitzgerald, a baby-faced 38-year-old, wore a black, long-sleeved T-shirt and black shorts that revealed muscular calves. He was a bundle of energy, sprinting from player to player during drills, bumping chests and shouting encouragement. Only his clipboard and whistle gave him away."I think I have A.D.D., but I'm not diagnosed," Fitzgerald said, referring to attention deficit disorder.His players do not seem to mind."Fitz has more fun than anyone," linebacker Damien Proby said. "And it rubs off on the players. That's the kind of program he's built here."Fitzgerald's Wildcats (9-3) will meet Mississippi State in the Gator Bowl on New Year's Day, their fifth straight bowl appearance. Despite Northwestern's having won none of them, it marks an achievement for a program that won little of anything for the better part of the 20th century. The Wildcats have lost nine consecutive bowl games, a drought that dates to the team's lone bowl win: the Rose Bowl on Jan. 1, 1949.But as Fitzgerald leads a program that has now tasted success, his task has grown beyond establishing Northwestern as respectable. His job has become building a Big Ten power . The next rung on the climb is a bowl win."We want to be champions, and we haven't accomplished it yet," Fitzgerald said.When Northwestern lost its 29 th straight game in, setting a Football Bowl Subdivision record, students tore down the goal posts and chanted, "We're the worst." Perhaps no individual has played a greater role in Northwestern's journey from doormat to credibility than Fitzgerald.He was a linebacker on the surprising 1995-96 team, which broke the university's 47-year bowl drought and reached the Rose Bowl, where it lost to Southern California . He was a two time all-American and a two-time winner of the Bronko Nagurski Trophy, given to college football's best defensive player, and he is in the sport's Hall of Fame . In, he was named the coach of Northwestern after Randy Walker died of a heart attack .Fitzgerald grew up in Chicago's south suburbs, an Irish Roman Catholic with one university in mind, and it was not in Evanston."The only school I ever heard about was the one in South Bend," Fitzgerald said, referring to Notre Dame .But it was Northwestern and its coach at the time, Gary Barnett, who wanted Fitzgerald."We needed him more than Notre Dame did," said Barnett, now a college football analyst for Sports USA Radio.Fitzgerald broke his leg ahead of the Rose Bowl that his team played in, and in his office hangs the jersey he wore on the sideline. Inside the frame are a pin and screw that were inserted into his ankle after the injury. It was one of the first items he hung in his office when he took over the program.The framed memento belies the secret to Fitzgerald's popularity here. His heartfelt connection to the university, in addition to his buoyant personality, has made him the face of the football program and a beloved figure."You see the carousel of coaches going into new teams, who have no clue of the culture of the school or the community, or the tradition of what it's taken to get to that point," Fitzgerald said. "When you look at all these changes, it doesn't equal success. I get it here."Barnett said: "It's the entire community. He's one of theirs, he stayed at home, turned the whole culture around. You can't have a bigger hero."Last year, Fitzgerald signed a 10-year contract extension that runs through, and he is every bit the players' coach he appears to be. He created a leadership council made up of players from all classes. During one meeting this season, players said, they were feeling sluggish on game day, so Fitzgerald added nap time to that week's travel itinerary.Northwestern has responded to the football team's growing profile with plans unveiled in September for an estimated $220 million worth of improvements to athletic facilities. Asked if that financial commitment puts greater pressure on his program to take the next step, Fitzgerald said: "No, because they're matching my commitment now. Everybody's expectations are starting to rise to ours, and I would say it's about time."I think the minute you feel like you're secure, you get comfortable, which leads to complacency, which leads to you getting fired."Of the impatience that seems to be endemic around college football, Barnett said: "Northwestern has not traditionally fallen into that trap. Hopefully, Pat's never in that situation."Fitzgerald, with a record of 49-39 in his seven seasons at Northwestern, including a 26-30 mark in the Big Ten, is one win from becoming the coach with the most victories in program history. He would like to get it out of the way on Tuesday."It will mean something because we'll have won a bowl game," Fitzgerald said. "That's the only negative left here."
One is a corporate lawyer from Southern California with few hobbies and only the mildest interest in sports. The other is a college student from Miami who is less than half his age and has amassed a stash of memorabilia that matches his love of baseball .Yet from opposite ends of the country they share one peculiar passion: collecting trading cards of Mike Piazza in a Florida Marlins uniform.Never mind that Piazza played just five games for the Marlins in May, a mere pit stop on his way from the Los Angeles Dodgers to the Mets . Never mind that he did nothing of note during that stint, except hit his only triple of the season. The closest either man has been to Piazza is waving to him from the stands.Yet for Jerry Dworkin, 59, and Chris Fernandez, 25, there is no greater thrill than finding one of the more than 120 Piazza Marlins cards issued from 1998 to."I can't deny it is obscure," said Dworkin, who lives in Irvine, Calif., and admitted to spending five figures to accumulate more than 100 cards. "I'm not a baseball expert. I'm just a run-of-the-mill guy who got caught up in the oddity of the situation, someone as great as Mike Piazza being on a team for just five games."Fernandez, who keeps 59 Piazza Marlins cards in a cigar box, was more concise: "We kind of marvel at it."Fans may marvel at their cards if Piazza's election to the Hall of Fame, in his first year of eligibility, is announced on Jan. 9. Typically, a player's rookie cards get the biggest boost from Hall entry. Piazza played most of his career in Los Angeles and New York, so the cards from those years are likely to appreciate more than his Marlins cards do, collecting experts said.Yet sports collecting is fueled by an unending flow of players who wear an endless number of uniforms and gear. And when a baseball player makes it to the Hall of Fame, some of his biggest fans will spend great sums to commemorate the moment.Trading cards are the most obvious investments because they have been around for so long and are relatively inexpensive. Years ago, scarcity and a player's popularity drove demand . The T206 Honus Wagner issued in 1909 is the most famous card in part because few exist. Card collecting has grown immensely since then, and manufacturers have become adept at celebrating even the most obscure achievements, including Piazza's five-game stretch for the team now known as the Miami Marlins . They recognized the peculiarity of an All-Star like Piazza being traded twice in a brief span and the potential market for his Marlins cards, and flooded the market with dozens of cards, diluting their impact."They want to create draws for a product and will issue cards in a unique circumstance, but then beat it to death," Tom Bartsch, the editor of Sports Collectors Digest, said of the card makers. "It's a tactic they use to get people to buy as much product as possible. But it's also turned a lot of people off of collecting."The flood has limited the value of the cards, most of which sell for just a few dollars on eBay and other sites. But the value of the cards is less important to Dworkin and Fernandez than the chase to complete the Piazza Marlins collection.Dworkin saw Piazza play a few times for the Dodgers and was disappointed when he was traded. While Dworkin did not collect cards, he quickly grasped that the Piazza Marlins cards could be valuable, though he insisted that turning a profit was not his motive."The collection as a whole has a greater value than any part," he said.Dworkin spends a few minutes every morning browsing Web sites for baseball card traders, and he bids actively on eBay if he finds something he does not own. He has bought cards from traders as far away as Taiwan and spent months trying to buy one-of-a-kind cards, often unsuccessfully. Once, he paid a promoter about $350 to get Piazza, who rarely attends collectors shows, to sign one of his cards.Over the years, Dworkin has found others who share his obsession, but none more so than Fernandez, who began his fixation with Piazza in April. That's when the newly minted Marlins made their debut as a franchise against the Dodgers . He recalled seeing Piazza's name on the scoreboard that day and thinking that it sounded like pizza.Fernandez kept an eye on Piazza from afar and was ecstatic when the Marlins traded Bobby Bonilla, Gary Sheffield and three other players to the Dodgers for Piazza and Todd Zeile. But his joy was cut short when Piazza was shipped to New York in a lopsided deal."When he was traded to the Marlins, I was happy as heck, so I went out looking for cards," Fernandez said. "I found out he was traded when I got home on my birthday. I cried like an 11-year-old."He kept collecting Piazza cards and jerseys as well as ticket stubs from four out of the five games Piazza played for the Marlins, only two of which were at home. He has scoured card shows and shops and, of course, bid for cards online .But Fernandez was outbid with an uncanny regularity. It was only after he met Dworkin through a collectors Web site that he discovered who was besting him."I thought I'd get them cheap, but no matter what I'd bid, he'd win," Fernandez said. "I found out Jerry was out there and he was the reason I couldn't get them. Knowing him now, I knew I was never going to win."The two rivals shared tips about what cards were available, feeding their fixation."It became a race: I'd go hunt one down and he'd grab it and vice versa," said Fernandez, who claims to have spent about,000 on Piazza Marlins cards. "Most of the better cards I've lost out to Jerry, but my wallet thanked me."Despite their constant contact over the Internet, they have never met or spoken on the phone . Still, "the friendship kept me going," Dworkin said."I gained an appreciation of the collector community," he said. "He was someone I could talk to about it."Dworkin said he would love to meet Fernandez in Cooperstown if Piazza makes it into the Hall of Fame .Given how popular Piazza was, Dworkin and Fernandez are likely to have a lot of company . Piazza has indicated that he would like to be inducted as a Met, and there is no chance of his wearing a teal and black Marlins cap.Piazza's agent did not return calls seeking comment from his client about his time on the Marlins . But Piazza appears to see the humor in the tiny cult of fans who savor his time in Florida . At the end of the 2011 season, he accepted an invitation from the Marlins to help close out the team's tenure at Sun Life Stadium. Standing with Marlins mainstays like Sheffield and Jeff Conine, Piazza smiled and waved to the fans, including Fernandez, who wore a Piazza replica jersey to the stadium that day."You could see on the JumboTron that he appreciated the joke," Fernandez said.
Going underwater with video cameras and sonar, scientists have gained new insights into the mating behavior of humpback whales.They learned that female humpbacks on the prowl prefer the largest males on the breeding ground, while smaller males gravitate toward smaller females — apparently so as "to run less risk of a big male coming over and beating you up," said Adam Pack, a biologist and psychologist at the University of Hawaii at Hilo. "It's basically making the best of a poor situation," he added.Dr. Pack and his colleagues, who report their findings in the journal Animal Behavior, tracked 67 dyads, or pairs of male and female whales, in the Pacific Ocean off Hawaii . Although humpback mating has never been seen, it is likely that these were mating pairs, Dr. Pack said. (The whales migrate from Alaska each year to breed, fasting and relying on stored reserves to survive.)The researchers used underwater videogrammetry to capture images of the whales at sea. The technique involves recording the whales with a camera, using a sonar device to estimate the distance of the whale from the camera as well as other measurements."With a little bit of geometry, we can determine the true length of the whale," Dr. Pack said. The information allowed the scientists to estimate the likelihood that a given whale had reached sexual maturity; they also used historical data."If you can actually photograph an underside of a whale's tail, you have a unique marking you can compare to prior pictures," Dr. Pack said. "Some of these smaller-sized females were nonetheless sexually mature."The researchers also found that juvenile whales were pairing off in male-female dyads. Like teenagers, "they are probably learning the social conventions," Dr. Pack said.
When Time magazine first asked Henry Grossman to photograph the Beatles, at their American television debut on "The Ed Sullivan Show" in February, he thought of it as just another assignment — a journey into the realm of teenage fads, and less exciting than the sessions he had done with world leaders, actors and opera singers. Mr. Grossman, who was 27 at the time, preferred classical music ; at, he still shoots production photos for the Metropolitan Opera .Pictures from the Beatles' Sullivan show appearances are plentiful, but Mr. Grossman found unusual angles that provide a context missing from the most familiar photographs. For example, a previously unseen long shot, included in "Places I Remember," an opulent new limited-edition book of Mr. Grossman's Beatles photos, shows the group's amplifiers — usually placed directly behind them, but unseen in the broadcasts — set up at the side of the stage, well out of camera range. All the camera positions can be seen as well."There were dozens of photographers there, all shooting exactly the same thing, but Henry caught views of the room that we'd never seen before," said Brian Kehew, a recording engineer and musician who is currently touring with the Who as a keyboard technician, and who is also half of Curvebender, the publisher of Mr. Grossman's book."He shot from the back of the balcony, and captured a sense of the theater's size. And he went around behind the Beatles to shoot the photographers who were shooting them, which tells us a lot about the atmosphere of the day."The Sullivan show performance did not make Mr. Grossman a Beatles fan, but when he covered the group again, during its American tour that summer, he became friendly with George Harrison."After that," Mr. Grossman said over lunch recently, "anytime I went to London, I'd check into my hotel, call their office to find out George's phone number du jour — they had to change them, because the fans would find them out — and I'd arrange to spend a day with them. Often, I was in Europe to shoot something else, and I didn't have a Beatles-related assignment."Between 1964 and, Mr. Grossman took more than,000 photos of the Beatles, though only a few dozen — whatever editors needed for the articles at hand — were published at the time. The best-known is a formal portrait from February, showing the band members before a blue backdrop, sporting mustaches (new at the time) and flowery clothes. Shot for Life magazine, it has become a ubiquitous poster. But Mr. Grossman rarely printed the unused pictures from his sessions and never thought to exploit them.Probably for that reason, Mr. Grossman is rarely listed among the photographers most closely associated with the Beatles: a group that includes Astrid Kirchherr and Jürgen Vollmer, known for their gritty shots of the leather-clad Beatles during their early years in Hamburg; Dezo Hoffmann and Robert Freeman, who photographed them frequently in the early middle years of their career; and Robert Whitaker, who staged avant-garde shoots, including one that produced the quickly withdrawn "Butcher" cover (which showed the group in butcher smocks, draped in pieces of meat and decapitated baby dolls) for the "Yesterday and Today" LP."Places I Remember" may help change that. A boxed 528-page, silver-edged brick of a volume that weighs 15 pounds, includes about,000 photographs and costs $495 (or $795 for one of the first 250 copies, signed by Mr. Grossman, in an edition of,200), it is Mr. Grossman's second book. In 2008 Curvebender published "Kaleidoscope Eyes," another $495 limited edition, which documents in fine detail (and about 220 frames) an evening recording session for "Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds."Mr. Kehew and his partner at Curvebender, Kevin Ryan, discovered Mr. Grossman's stash of images while researching their own 2006 book, "Recording the Beatles," an intricate examination of the Abbey Road Studios and how the Beatles created their music. Searching for pictures of the band, they found a copy of Life magazine with some of Mr. Grossman's photos from the "Lucy" session."We licensed two of them for our book," Mr. Ryan said, "but we knew there had to more from that session, so we visited Henry in hope of seeing the rest of the images on that roll of film . As it turned out, he had taken 10 rolls that evening, which was mind-blowing. So we asked if he had other Beatles photos, and he went into his studio and came back with a stack of contact sheets 10 inches high."As Beatles specialists, Mr. Kehew and Mr. Ryan thought they had seen it all, but they were astonished by the depth of Mr. Grossman's archives."They knew much more about it than I did," Mr. Grossman said. "We were looking through pictures I took at John Lennon's house, and Kevin said, 'Oh my God — John used to say that he often sat in front of the television with the sound down, composing on his guitar, and here you've got it.'
 SAN FRANCISCO — The antivirus industry has a dirty little secret: its products are often not very good at stopping viruses. Consumers and businesses spend billions of dollars every year on antivirus software. But these programs rarely, if ever, block freshly minted computer viruses, experts say, because the virus creators move too quickly. That is prompting start-ups and other companies to get creative about new approaches to computer security ."The bad guys are always trying to be a step ahead," said Matthew D. Howard, a venture capitalist at Norwest Venture Partners who previously set up the security strategy at Cisco Systems . "And it doesn't take a lot to be a step ahead."Computer viruses used to be the domain of digital mischief makers. But in the mid-2000s, when criminals discovered that malicious software could be profitable, the number of new viruses began to grow exponentially.In, there were fewer than a million new strains of malware, most of them the work of amateurs. By, there were 49 million new strains, according to AV-Test, a German research institute that tests antivirus products.The antivirus industry has grown as well, but experts say it is falling behind. By the time its products are able to block new viruses, it is often too late. The bad guys have already had their fun, siphoning out a company's trade secrets, erasing data or emptying a consumer's bank account .A new study by Imperva, a data security firm in Redwood City, Calif., and students from the Technion- Israel Institute of Technology is the latest confirmation of this. Amichai Shulman, Imperva's chief technology officer, and a group of researchers collected and analyzed 82 new computer viruses and put them up against more than 40 antivirus products, made by top companies like Microsoft, Symantec, McAfee and Kaspersky Lab. They found that the initial detection rate was less than 5 percent.On average, it took almost a month for antivirus products to update their detection mechanisms and spot the new viruses. And two of the products with the best detection rates — Avast and Emsisoft — are available free; users are encouraged to pay for additional features. This despite the fact that consumers and businesses spent a combined.4 billion on antivirus software last year — nearly half of the.7 billion spent on security software in, according to Gartner."Existing methodologies we've been protecting ourselves with have lost their efficacy," said Ted Schlein, a security -focused investment partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers . "This study is just another indicator of that. But the whole concept of detecting what is bad is a broken concept."Part of the problem is that antivirus products are inherently reactive. Just as medical researchers have to study a virus before they can create a vaccine, antivirus makers must capture a computer virus, take it apart and identify its "signature" — unique signs in its code — before they can write a program that removes it.That process can take as little as a few hours or as long as several years. In May, researchers at Kaspersky Lab discovered Flame, a complex piece of malware that had been stealing data from computers for an estimated five years.Mikko H. Hypponen, chief researcher at F-Secure, called Flame "a spectacular failure" for the antivirus industry. "We really should have been able to do better," he wrote in an essay for Wired.com after Flame's discovery. "But we didn't. We were out of our league in our own game."Symantec and McAfee, which built their businesses on antivirus products, have begun to acknowledge their limitations and to try new approaches. The word "antivirus" does not appear once on their home pages. Symantec rebranded its popular antivirus packages: its consumer product is now called Norton Internet Security, and its corporate offering is now Symantec Endpoint Protection ."Nobody is saying antivirus is enough," said Kevin Haley, Symantec's director of security response. Mr. Haley said Symantec's antivirus products included a handful of new technologies, like behavior-based blocking, which looks at some 30 characteristics of a file, including when it was created and where else it has been installed, before allowing it to run. "In over two-thirds of cases, malware is detected by one of these other technologies," he said.Imperva, which sponsored the antivirus study, has a horse in this race. Its Web application and data security software are part of a wave of products that look at security in a new way. Instead of simply blocking what is bad, as antivirus programs and perimeter firewalls are designed to do, Imperva monitors access to servers, databases and files for suspicious activity .The day companies unplug their antivirus software is still far off, but entrepreneurs and investors are betting that the old tools will become relics.
Wine enthusiasts, consider this: The same grapes from different parts of a vineyard can be quite different.That is because their surfaces may harbor different species of yeast microbes, which can vary from one part of a vineyard to another, said Evodia Setati, a microbiologist at Stellenbosch University in South Africa .She and her colleagues are exploring how such differences affect wine flavor. They report their findings in the journal PLoS One.The researchers looked at grapes produced using three different farming methods: conventional, organic and biodynamic — a specialized type of organic farming that not only refrains from using chemical fertilizers and pesticides but also uses fermented herbal and mineral preparations as compost additives."Conventional farmers are allowed to use pesticides and fungicides, and they end up killing even those yeasts that take part in fermentation," Dr. Setati said. These farmers rely on purchased yeast strains to ferment wine, "ending up with less diversity and complexity in the taste of the wine," she added.Organic wine grapes had a greater microbial diversity, the researchers found, but biodynamic grapes had the most.Differences in yeast communities from one part of the vineyard to another could be due to variances in sun exposure and temperature, Dr. Setati said, adding, "The question now is, does that variation actually translate to different wines at the end of the day?"
PETERSHAM, Mass. — On a sparkling New England afternoon, as hawks coasted overhead and yellow leaves drifted to the ground, Anne Pringle stood before a large granite obelisk that marked the graves of a family called French.In this bucolic cemetery, steps from the headquarters of Harvard's research forest, she was pondering mortality. But she wasn't thinking about the Frenches. She was thinking about lichens.Pale green and vaguely ruffled, like calcified doilies, lichens grow all over the tombstones and the old stone walls that fringe properties in this part of the world. Most people barely notice them. But Dr. Pringle, a mycologist at Harvard, believes they may help answer one of science's greatest questions: Is immortality biologically possible?For eight years, Dr. Pringle, 42, has been returning to this cemetery each fall, to measure, sketch and scrutinize the lichens, which belong to the genus Xanthoparmelia. She wants to know whether they deteriorate with the passage of time, leaving them more susceptible to death.Biologists call it senescence: the grim reality of decline with age. Are the lichens more likely to break apart as the years pass? Does their chemistry or bacterial composition change, leaving them more vulnerable to pathogens?Lichens are not individuals but tiny ecosystems, composed of one main fungus, a group of algae and an assortment of smaller fungi and bacteria. To reproduce, they can either launch a single fungal spore that must then find new algae to join with, or they can send out fingerlike projections called isidia, which contain the whole lichen package and need only a nice rock to land on.Once attached, they hardly lead a carefree life. They may face chemical warfare from neighboring lichens, as well as the menace of a hard rain .While lichens are communities, Dr. Pringle is largely interested in the fungi. Mycologists, the scientists who study fungi — not the most glamorous corridor of biology — have long assumed that many of these organisms don't age.The clear exception is yeast, a single-cell fungus that does senesce and that researchers use as a model to study aging. But most multicellular fungi, the assumption goes, don't senesce.No one has ever proved that, though, or even collected much data. The belief in fungi everlasting has been buoyed in part by Armillaria bulbosa, a species known as the "humongous fungus," which grows to be as heavy as a blue whale and can take over acres of forest. (Crystal Falls, Mich., holds an annual Humongous Fungus festival, complete with the world's largest mushroom pizza, to celebrate a 38-acre, 1,000-ton Armillaria that grows nearby and is thought to be,500 to,000 years old.)Does that mean Armillaria and many of the world's other fungi are not aging? Some experts believe it does. If true, such organisms would be the fungal equivalent of vampires, able to die only by external means. ("A bus can still run over them," Dr. Pringle said.) But the concept has yet to catch on in the wider world of biology, dominated by scientists who study plants and animals .In the world beyond fungi, whether organisms can escape aging is a matter of scientific controversy. A longstanding explanation for aging pins the blame on built-up genetic mutations activated once fertility begins to taper off. But this theory doesn't work for fungi, which reproduce more, not less, as they grow older.According to a second theory, aging occurs because some traits that make us more reproductively successful may also set the stage for our demise. High testosterone levels, for instance, might help males make more babies — but also predispose them to prostate cancer .Both theories explain aging as a biological imperative, a cellular commandment no life form can escape. Dr. Pringle says that way of looking at the world does not account for the realities of life as a fungus."What you know is based on the organisms you study," she said. "What would you say about the evolution of senescence if instead of working with insects, you worked with modular organisms, which is what lichen are?"Daniel Doak, a University of Colorado ecologist, agrees that the question is worth asking. Research like Dr. Pringle's — along with other studies of species including the bristlecone pine tree and the wandering albatross, a bird, both of which may avoid senescence — suggests another possible path.
 Iranian forces fired what military officers said was a new generation of surface-to-air missiles on Monday during a wide-ranging naval exercise that focused on striking hypothetical unmanned aircraft and vessels in international waters to the south of the country, Iranian news media reported .The missiles were fired on the fourth day of a six-day naval exercise that started Friday, when Iran announced that it had begun the exercises that would test a new version of its Thunder surface-to-air midrange missile . They were meant to demonstrate the country's defense of its territorial waters, the official Islamic Republic News Agency said.In addition, Iran deployed warships and helicopters to escort commercial ships and oil tankers as part of a drill meant to show the country's ability to combat piracy, the news agency reported. The exercise also included drills using Iranian -made drones and submarines.The semiofficial Fars news agency quoted an Iranian naval commander, Rear Adm. Alireza Nayyeri, as saying that the navy had "boosted and upgraded" the capability of its domestically manufactured drone aircraft .The exercise was conducted in the Strait of Hormuz, a strategic waterway through which many of the world's oil and cargo shipments pass, as well as in the Gulf of Oman, the Gulf of Aden and the northern Indian Ocean, IRNA reported. Accounts in the state-run news media said the war games covered a,000- square-mile area. Iran holds military exercises regularly to demonstrate its defense capabilities in the strategic Persian Gulf region, where about 30 percent of the world's energy supplies are transported. The United States Navy maintains a carrier force in the area and stations its Fifth Fleet in Bahrain. American forces conduct naval exercises with other countries in the region, including the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia .The news agencies did not say that the exercises were directed against a specific threat, but tensions with the United States have been percolating over an American-led campaign of international sanctions devised to pressure Iran over its disputed nuclear energy program. Iran has previously threatened to close the Strait of Hormuz in retaliation for the sanctions .In December, Iran said that the naval forces of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps captured an American drone that had entered its airspace over the Persian Gulf . Officials identified it as a ScanEagle, built by Boeing, an aircraft that can be launched and operated from ships, the company said on its Web site . The United States Navy denied losing any drones, but the unmanned aircraft could have been operated by the C.I.A. or the National Security Agency .Several Persian Gulf countries also have ScanEagle drones. Pentagon officials said in November that Iranian warplanes had fired on a Predator drone, believed to be the first time Iranian warplanes had fired on an American drone. Iran said the Predator had violated is airspace, an assertion that American officials dismissed.
Even by the tumultuous standards of the end of an N.F.L. season, this Monday — Black Monday, as it is annually called — stood out.The conclusion of the regular season always signals the start of a whirlwind of firings and job searches involving coaches and top executives, while only 12 teams prepare for the playoffs. This season, though, brought sweeping, swift change even to some of the most stable and patient — maybe too patient — teams in the N.F.L. Seven coaches and five general managers were fired before lunchtime in a day unequaled for its turmoil in recent memory. The Philadelphia Eagles ended Andy Reid's 14-year tenure, drawing the curtain on a tear-stained season that began with the death of Reid's son during training camp and continued with a week-by-week watch of how the team's won-lost ledger matched up with the owner Jeffrey Lurie's preseason edict that Reid had to do better than 8-8 to keep his job. Philadelphia ended up. In Chicago, Lovie Smith was fired after nine seasons despite finishing.In San Diego, Norv Turner, his dismissal expected almost from the day he got the job six years ago, was finally fired, along with General Manager A. J. Smith, who had held his post for almost 10 years. The same fate befell Coach Ken Whisenhunt in Arizona, who was fired after six seasons. Reid, Lovie Smith and Whisenhunt had taken their teams to the Super Bowl in the past; Turner led the Chargers to the A.F.C. Championship game .All, though, had lost of late. And the reason for their ousters was summed up neatly by the league's newest owner, Jimmy Haslam of the Cleveland Browns, who fired his coach, Pat Shurmur, and general manager, Tom Heckert."It might be a little unfair of me to put that pressure on that new head coach already, but the way the N.F.L. operates, there is relative parity," Haslam said. "And you can turn things around quickly."Three teams that combined won only 10 games last year qualified for the playoffs this season: the Indianapolis Colts, the Washington Redskins and the Minnesota Vikings . Every owner wants that result. And they want it now.Among others who were fired: Chan Gailey, after three seasons in Buffalo, and Romeo Crennel, after just one full season in Kansas City, which won two games and has the first pick in the spring draft. Scott Pioli, the Chiefs' general manager, retained his job for now, the owner Clark Hunt said. But other general managers were not so lucky. Those fired, in addition to Smith and Heckert: Mike Tannenbaum of the Jets, Gene Smith of the Jacksonville Jaguars and Rod Graves of the Cardinals . The Carolina Panthers fired Marty Hurney during the season and have yet to replace him.The speed with which so many top people were sent packing was breathtaking, but not surprising. Owners want to grab top candidates, like Chip Kelly of the University of Oregon, before anyone else, and give their new coaches time to assemble staffs of top assistants. The Browns, for instance, said they would hire a coach first and then a player personnel executive . That is an unorthodox arrangement but a signal that they are very likely pursuing a candidate others will want and that he will be invested with plenty of power on personnel.The most hotly pursued candidates can afford to be choosy. The current openings all have some drawbacks and advantages, but the most careful coaches are likely to look at one important factor : which teams have good quarterback situations, an especially important consideration in a year without a strong quarterback class in free agency or the draft. Of the teams that fired coaches or general managers on Monday, only two, the Bears and the Chargers, have quarterbacks who are considered championship -caliber.Whisenhunt might embody the problem more than most. When he had Kurt Warner, the Cardinals went to the Super Bowl . But after Warner retired, Whisenhunt and Graves were unable to identify and develop the next great Arizona quarterback — they used four starters this season — and they paid for that failure with their jobs .This may not be the most active market ever for coaches though. There were 10 new coaches going into the 2009 season and several of the coaches fired Monday — especially Reid, who went to the N.F.C. Championship game five times with the Eagles and has indicated that he wants to coach again immediately — are expected to find new jobs quickly.But once the coaches are in place, time quickly becomes their enemy . With Reid's firing, the longest-tenured head coach in the N.F.L. is Bill Belichick, whom New England hired in. His job security is rare, though. It has taken perhaps the best quarterback in history, five Super Bowl appearances and three championships to earn it.
 WASHINGTON — Furious last-minute negotiations between the White House and the Senate Republican leadership on Monday secured a tentative agreement to allow tax rates to rise on affluent Americans, but not in time for Congress to meet its Dec. 31 deadline for averting automatic tax increases and spending cuts deemed a threat to the economy .While the Senate moved toward a vote on legislation to avoid the so-called fiscal cliff, the House was not going to consider any deal until Tuesday afternoon at the earliest, meaning that a combination of tax increases and spending cuts would go into effect as 2013 began. If Congress acts quickly and sends the legislation to President Obama, the economic impact could still be very limited.Under the agreement, tax rates would jump to.6 percent from 35 percent for individual incomes over,000 and couples over,000, while tax deductions and credits would start phasing out on incomes as low as,000, a clear win for President Obama, who campaigned on higher taxes for the wealthy."Just last month Republicans in Congress said they would never agree to raise tax rates on the wealthiest Americans," Mr. Obama said at a hastily arranged news briefing, with middle-income onlookers cheering behind him. "Obviously, the agreement that's currently being discussed would raise those rates and raise them permanently." Democrats also secured a full year's extension of unemployment insurance without strings attached and without offsetting spending cuts, a $30 billion cost.As negotiators tied up the last points of dispute, officials said that the two top Democrats on Capitol Hill — Senator Harry Reid of Nevada and Representative Nancy Pelosi of California — had signed off on the agreement. In an effort to win over other Democrats uneasy with the proposal, Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr ., who had bargained directly with Republican leaders, traveled to the Capitol on Monday night for a 90-minute meeting with his former Senate colleagues ."I feel very, very good," Mr. Biden said after the meeting. "I think we'll get a very good vote."In one final piece of the puzzle, negotiators agreed to put off $110 billion in across-the- board cuts to military and domestic programs for two months while broader deficit reduction talks continue. Those cuts begin to go into force on Wednesday, and that deadline, too, might be missed before Congress approves the legislation.To secure votes, Mr. Reid also told Democrats the legislation would cancel a pending congressional pay raise — putting opponents in the politically difficult position of supporting a raise — and extend an expiring dairy policy that would have seen the price of milk double in some parts of the country.Anticipating Senate approval of the deal, Speaker John A. Boehner late Monday said the House would "honor its commitment to consider the Senate agreement if it is passed. Decisions about whether the House will seek to accept or promptly amend the measure will not be made until House members — and the American people — have been able to review the legislation."The nature of the deal ensured that the running war between the White House and Congressional Republicans on spending and taxes would continue at least until the spring. Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner formally notified Congress that the government reached its statutory borrowing limit on New Year's Eve . Through some creative accounting tricks, the Treasury Department can put off action for perhaps two months, but Congress must act to keep the government from defaulting just when the "pause" on pending cuts is up. Then in late March, a law financing the government expires.And the new deal does nothing to address the big issues that Mr. Obama and Mr. Boehner hoped to deal with in their failed " grand bargain " talks two weeks ago : booming entitlement spending and a tax code so complex that few defend it anymore.
 FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — A distinct pattern has emerged for the Jets these last two years: the day after their final game is as bizarre and disorienting a spectacle as their season itself. It is a tradition like no other.This is what was supposed to happen Monday, a full two weeks after the Jets, hurtling toward, were eliminated from the playoff chase : they would dismiss General Manager Mike Tannenbaum and their offensive coordinator, Tony Sparano, with a strong voice — Coach Rex Ryan or, better yet, the owner Woody Johnson — discussing the moves later in the day.This is what did happen Monday: the Jets fired Tannenbaum, whose 15-year tenure with the Jets ended because of a failure to restock its talent base, while Sparano dangled, Ryan hunkered down, and Johnson avoided the public eye, his five-paragraph statement regarding Tannenbaum notwithstanding.There was no explanation why Ryan's scheduled news conference was canceled other than an opaque response from a team spokesman: "an organizational decision." That decision left D'Brickashaw Ferguson, Joe McKnight and Chaz Schilens, among others, to speak on behalf of the team on a day when the Jets made their most important move since hiring Ryan almost four years ago .All around the league Monday, from Philadelphia to Cleveland to Arizona, coaches were canned and executives sacked. Yet on a mournful day, accountability still reigned. Team owners, or high-ranking officials, answered questions and explained those organizations' thought processes. Even Norv Turner, fired as San Diego's coach, had a farewell news conference .The Jets are often criticized for being tone-deaf and for making the wrong move — or the right one, just far too late. On Monday, it seemed altogether fitting that they made what was widely viewed as the proper decision for their future but still managed to bungle it.Johnson's absence from Sunday's 28-9 loss at Buffalo was conspicuous and, indeed, foreboding. Rather than watch another aimless defeat with the man he would soon fire, Johnson stayed back, planning for the future.The Jets have already hired Jed Hughes of the recruiting firm Korn/Ferry to lead the search for Tannenbaum's replacement. Potential candidates include the Miami Dolphins' assistant general manager, Brian Gaine, a Rockland County native and a disciple of Bill Parcells's; Tom Gamble, the San Francisco 49ers' director of player personnel ; and Marc Ross, the Giants' director of college scouting."Like all Jets fans, I am disappointed with this year's results," Johnson said in his statement. "However, I am confident that this change will best position our team for greater success going forward."No doubt the Jets' position is appealing; only 32 of these jobs exist, after all. But whoever takes over for Tannenbaum will inherit a mess at quarterback, several bloated contracts and a roster in dire need of an overhaul, not to mention a coach he did not choose in Ryan, whose return in 2013 Johnson guaranteed.This season was doomed by a pair of decisions made in a two-week stretch in March — extending quarterback Mark Sanchez's contract and acquiring Tim Tebow .Guaranteeing Sanchez.5 million seemed to lack foresight as well as financial restraint . Sanchez regressed, losing his starting job — not to mention the confidence of some teammates — and committing 26 turnovers.The Jets then surrendered two draft picks and.53 million to Denver over three years for Tebow, who proved nothing more than a distraction and a decoy, frustrated with the Jets' inability to integrate him into their offense.Tebow amounted to the team's lone significant addition on offense, raising a concern over the summer that has since been validated: that Tannenbaum failed to surround Sanchez with enough talent. Even before injuries to Santonio Holmes, Dustin Keller and Stephen Hill, the Jets lacked playmakers.Tannenbaum also backed the hiring of Sparano, who presided over the 30th-ranked offense in the N.F.L. The unit scored 10 or fewer points in seven games, and its inexperience in quarterback development and play-calling produced an offense that lacked creativity, ambition and direction.Tannenbaum, 43, leaves a complex legacy with the Jets, who hired him in February 1997 as a salary-cap expert and elevated him to general manager nine years later to replace Terry Bradway. Under Tannenbaum, the Jets were 57-55 in seven seasons, reaching the playoffs three times — but they last qualified in, when they advanced to their second consecutive A.F.C. Championship game .History will remember Tannenbaum for selecting cornerstones like Ferguson, Nick Mangold and Darrelle Revis and for his aggressive moves in free agency and the trade market that repositioned the Jets as contenders.But he was also guilty of overvaluing and misjudging players, failing to fill the roster with adequate depth and, particularly in the past few years, overseeing a draft haul meager in quality and quantity. Tannenbaum's riskiest move — trading up to select Sanchez fifth over all in 2009 — yielded immediate gratification but fleeting success.After being dismissed Monday morning, Tannenbaum spoke to the team he assembled. He told the players that he believed in them and that "there are champions on this team that haven't been crowned yet," a sentiment he later expressed in a statement issued by the team. Tight end Jeff Cumberland called Tannenbaum's speech "real emotional." Sanchez said it was "heartfelt." The players, Revis said, "felt sorry" for him.At the end, everyone clapped. For a team embarrassed by Bart Scott's obscene gesture to a photographer during the 2011 post-mortem, consider the reaction, unlike aspects of the day, progress.
I FLY a lot. And honestly, flying now is a means to an end, although I used to enjoy it. It's not that I hate it or am paranoid. It's just that it's a chore.As the lead scientist for the Nature Conservancy, I am fully aware of the ramifications of flying and its effect on the environment, but sometimes I have to do it. I do always ask myself the question: When I get to my destination, what can I deliver? In other words, is it really important for me to be someplace?If not, I'm not going to go. I don't go to meetings, conferences or events unless if I have a very specific role. And then, of course, there's a personal toll. Flying can be tough on the body and spirit, even if you take good care of yourself.I love seeing kids take their first flight. It can be so cool to fly as a kid, even today with all the hassle and limited service.The first time I got to fly was as a 5-year-old on a KLM DC-8 from Colombo in Sri Lanka to Amsterdam. It was a huge thrill. My dad gave me the window seat and I stayed awake for as long as I could, following our path over darkened Asia and then Europe.As I remember it, the food was fantastic. It was served in a tray that was partitioned into little quadrants. We ate with forks and knives, not with our hands as we did at home in Sri Lanka . Cheese was wrapped in foil, chocolate came in a Delft blue wrapper with a windmill stamped on it, and the juice wasn't straight from an orange but a box. It was such a big deal to eat like a Westerner.Since I often travel to remote locations, I rarely carry luggage. I want everything I need close at hand and I hate having to wait and guess whether my luggage will make it. If I really need something I don't have, I can usually buy it locally. Occasionally, I don't have a choice because a trip may be too long or too complicated for me to avoid taking my own gear. One time, I was particularly thankful that I put a red jersey in my carry-on.A few years ago in Alaska, I was stranded with a Discovery Channel crew. We were on a sandy island on the Tana River in the gigantic Wrangell- St . Elias wilderness. The river was running ragged with heavy glacial melt and our rafts were no match for the white water.We were drenched and miserable. To perhaps catch a passing plane's attention, I actually wrote a message out on the sand beach with a big stick, just like you see in the movies . When I did see a plane coming, I whirled my red jersey over my head to catch the eye of the bush pilot.The plane came in very low, the pilot read the message in the sand about our need for help, and then he tossed out a radio and a note, wrapped in his rain jacket. It was amazing. We used the radio to talk to him, and then we arranged a pickup.The funny thing was that when I was writing out the message in the sand, which gave our GPS coordinates and pickup date, everyone who was with me had advice about what I should say, how big the letters should be, how to make it visible and so on. I mean, really?Flagging down flying aircraft while you're on an island is not as common as hailing a cab in rush hour . But everyone had an opinion.As a scientist, I have to replicate experiments. This is one I don't really want to repeat ever again.
H.I.V. patients who obtain good treatment but who smoke lose more years of life to tobacco than to the virus, a new Danish study has found.The study, which looked at nearly,000 Danish H.I.V. patients from 1995 — the year antiretroviral triple therapy became standard — to, was published online last month by the journal Clinical Infectious Diseases .A 35-year-old H.I.V. patient who did not smoke was likely to live to age, while one who smoked was likely to die before age, the report found.The study also compared Danish H.I.V. patients with a pool of,642 average Danes of the same age and sex. H.I.V. appeared to make smoking much more lethal. The risk of early death from cancer or heart disease was much higher among infected smokers than among noninfected ones, and smoking was more closely linked to early death than was obesity, excess drinking or baseline viral load (a measure of how sick a patient was at diagnosis.Denmark has universal health care . H.I.V. drugs are free and care is coordinated by AIDS centers around the country. "Treatment failures and loss to follow-up are rare," the study said. It urged doctors to strongly advise their H.I.V. patients to quit smoking.
 WASHINGTON — In a long-awaited interpretation of the new health care law, the Obama administration said Monday that employers must offer health insurance to employees and their children, but will not be subject to any penalties if family coverage is unaffordable to workers.The requirement for employers to provide health benefits to employees is a cornerstone of the new law, but the new rules proposed by the Internal Revenue Service said that employers' obligation was to provide affordable insurance to cover their full-time employees. The rules offer no guarantee of affordable insurance for a worker's children or spouse. To avoid a possible tax penalty, the government said, employers with 50 or more full-time employees must offer affordable coverage to those employees. But, it said, the meaning of "affordable" depends entirely on the cost of individual coverage for the employee, what the worker would pay for "self-only coverage ."The new rules, to be published in the Federal Register, create a strong incentive for employers to put money into insurance for their employees rather than dependents . It is unclear whether the spouse and children of an employee will be able to obtain federal subsidies to help them buy coverage — separate from the employee — through insurance exchanges being established in every state . The administration explicitly reserved judgment on that question, which could affect millions of people in families with low and moderate incomes .Many employers provide family coverage to full-time employees, but many do not. Family coverage is much more expensive, and the employee's share of the premium is typically much larger.In, according to an annual survey by the Kaiser Family Foundation, premiums for employer-sponsored health insurance averaged,615 a year for single coverage and,745 for family coverage . The employee's share of the premium averaged $951 for individual coverage and more than four times as much, $4,316, for family coverage .Starting in, most Americans will be required to have health insurance . Low- and middle-income people can get tax credits to help pay their premiums, unless they have access to affordable coverage from an employer.In its proposal, the Internal Revenue Service said, " Coverage for an employee under an employer-sponsored plan is affordable if the employee's required contribution for self-only coverage does not exceed.5 percent of the employee's household income ."The rules, though labeled a proposal, are more significant than most proposed regulations . The Internal Revenue Service said employers could rely on them in making plans for.In writing the law, members of Congress often conjured up a picture of employees working year-round at full-time jobs . But in drafting the rules, the I.R.S. wrestled with the complex reality of part-time, seasonal and temporary workers .In addition, the administration expressed concern that some employers might try to evade the new requirements by firing and rehiring employees, manipulating their work hours or using temporary staffing agencies. The rules include several provisions to prevent such abuse.The law says an employer with 50 or more full-time employees may be subject to a tax penalty if it fails to offer coverage to "its full-time employees (and their dependents ." Employers asked for guidance, and the Obama administration provided it, saying that a dependent is an employee's child under the age of."Dependent does not include the spouse of an employee," the proposed rules say.Thus, employers must offer coverage to children of an employee, but do not have to make it affordable. And they do not have to offer coverage at all to the spouse of an employee.The administration said that the rules — which apply to private businesses, nonprofit organizations and state and local government agencies — would require changes at many work sites."A number of employers currently offer coverage only to their employees, and not to dependents," the I.R.S. said. "For these employers, expanding their health plans to add dependent coverage will require substantial revisions to their plans."In view of this challenge, the agency said it would grant a one-time reprieve to employers who fail to offer coverage to dependents of full-time employees, provided they take steps in 2014 to come into compliance. Under the rules, employers must offer coverage to employees in 2014 and must offer coverage to dependents as well, starting in.The new rules apply to employers that have at least 50 full-time employees or an equivalent combination of full-time and part-time employees. A full-time employee is a person employed on average at least 30 hours a week. And 100 half-time employees are considered equivalent to 50 full-time employees.Thus, the government said, an employer will be subject to the new requirement if it has 40 full-time employees working 30 hours a week and 20 half-time employees working 15 hours a week.
 ORLANDO, Fla. — Hispanic women in the United States, who have generally had the highest fertility rates in the country, are choosing to have fewer children. Both immigrant and native-born Latinas had steeper birthrate declines from 2007 to 2010 than other groups, including non-Hispanic whites, blacks and Asians, a drop some demographers and sociologists attribute to changes in the views of many Hispanic women about motherhood.As a result, in, the American birthrate hit a record low, with 63 births per,000 women ages 15 to, led by the decline in births to immigrant women. The national birthrate is now about half what it was during the baby boom years, when it peaked in 1957 at.7 births per,000 women of childbearing age.The decline in birthrates was steepest among Mexican- American women and women who immigrated from Mexico, at.7 percent. This has reversed a trend in which immigrant mothers accounted for a rising share of births in the United States, according to a recent report by the Pew Research Center . In, birthrates among all Hispanics reached their lowest level in 20 years, the center found.The sudden drop-off, which coincided with the onset of the recession, suggests that attitudes have changed since the days when older generations of Latinos prized large families and more closely followed Roman Catholic teachings, which forbid artificial contraception.Interviews with young Latinas, as well as reproductive health experts, show that the reasons for deciding to have fewer children are many, involving greater access to information about contraceptives and women's health, as well as higher education .When Marucci Guzman decided to marry Tom Beard here seven years ago, the idea of having a large family — a Guzman tradition back in Puerto Rico — was out of the question."We thought one, maybe two," said Ms. Guzman Beard, who gave birth to a daughter, Attalai, four years ago .Asked whether Attalai might ever get her wish for a little brother or sister, Ms. Guzman Beard, 29, a vice president at a public service organization, said: "I want to go to law school . I'm married. I work. When do I have time?"The decisions were not made in a vacuum but amid a sputtering economy, which, interviewees said, weighed heavily on their minds. Latinos suffered larger percentage declines in household wealth than white, black or Asian households from 2005 to, and, according to the Pew report, their rates of poverty and unemployment also grew more sharply after the recession began .Prolonged recessions do produce dips in the birthrate, but a drop as large as Latinos have experienced is atypical, said William H. Frey, a sociologist and demographer at the Brookings Institution . "It is surprising," Mr. Frey said. "When you hear about a decrease in the birthrate, you don't expect Latinos to be at the forefront of the trend."D'Vera Cohn, a senior writer at the Pew Research Center and an author of the report, said that in past recessions, when overall fertility dipped, "it bounced back over time when the economy got better.""If history repeats itself, that will happen again," she said.But to Mr. Frey, the decrease has signaled much about the aspirations of young Latinos to become full and permanent members of the upwardly mobile middle class, despite the challenges posed by the struggling economy .Jersey Garcia, a 37-year-old public health worker in Miami, is in the first generation of her family to live permanently outside of the Dominican Republic, where her maternal and paternal grandmothers had a total of 27 children."I have two right now," Ms. Garcia said. "It's just a good number that I can handle.""Before, I probably would have been pressured to have more," she added. "I think living in the United States, I don't have family members close by to help me, and it takes a village to raise a child. So the feeling is, keep what you have right now."But that has not been easy. Even with health insurance, Ms. Garcia's preferred method of long-term birth control, an IUD, has been unaffordable. Birth control pills, too, with a $50 co-payment a month, were too costly for her budget. "I couldn't afford it," she said. "So what I've been doing is condoms."According to research by the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health, the overwhelming majority of Latinas have used contraception at some point in their lives, but they face economic barriers to consistent use. As a consequence, Latinas still experience unintended pregnancy at a rate higher than non-Hispanic whites, according to the institute.And while the share of births to teenage mothers has dropped over the past two decades for all women, the highest share of births to teenage mothers is among native-born Hispanics ."There are still a lot of barriers to information and access to contraception that exist," said Jessica Gonzáles-Rojas, 36, the executive director of the institute, who has one son. "We still need to do a lot of work."
 Stocks were driven sharply higher on the last day of the year by signs that a resolution to the fiscal negotiations in Washington could come within days. Traders hung on every word out of Washington on Monday, sending share prices on a jerky path upward on what is usually a quiet day of trading ahead of the New Year's Day holiday.It ended up being the best day for American stocks since the middle of November and was enough to push leading indexes into positive territory for December. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index finished the day up.7 percent, bringing the year's gains to.4 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average was up .3 percent for the day and.3 percent for.The government was expected to go over the so-called fiscal cliff on Monday night, when a package of tax increases and spending cuts was set to start being phased in. But the political signals out of Washington convinced many investors that the White House and Congress would avert the changes that would be most damaging to the economy . "By day's end, the assumption was that a deal was in hand — minor details needed to be worked out, but a finished product would be in the books within the next few days," said Daniel Greenhaus, chief global strategist at BTIG. " Investors that had spent the last couple of days trading down reversed that trend and took things higher."Late Monday evening, a tentative deal was reached that would raise taxes on incomes above,000.The market's jump, much of which occurred after an early-afternoon news conference by President Obama, brought an unexpected end to a day that began with continuing bickering in Washington and a sense of foreboding on Wall Street . Stocks had fallen steadily for most of the last week and opened the day trading down. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the leader of the Republican minority, said late in the day that an agreement was "very, very close." Stocks could easily lose their gains if either chamber of Congress is unable to pass the compromise that was being negotiated on Monday. Senators said they were hoping to agree upon legislation and pass it along to the House for a vote on Tuesday. Some details of the agreement were still unclear, and the Republican-controlled House could demand changes.The stock markets are closed on Tuesday, and most traders will be back at their desk Wednesday morning after a week of vacations and light trading.Even if there is an agreement, it is unlikely to resolve a separate debate over the limit on the amount the government can borrow. The government hit its self-imposed debt ceiling on Monday, and Treasury Department officials have said they will be able to finance the budget for only a few weeks using emergency measures.Some Republicans have said they want to use the debate over the debt ceiling to extract more spending cuts from Democrats . Investors are preparing for another bout of volatile trading if that happens.The year did end with many market strategists in an optimistic mood about the American economy, once the fiscal talks in Washington are out of the way."While fiscal policy and political gridlock are negatives, there are other factors that remain supportive of growth, including a modest recovery in housing and further improvements in household balance sheets," BlackRock's chief investment strategist, Russ Koesterich, said in a note to clients . The Standard & Poor's 500 index climbed.7 percent, or.76 points, to,426.19. The Dow Jones industrial average was up .3 percent, or.03 points, to,104.14. The Nasdaq composite index rose 2 percent, or.20 points, to,019.51.
The largest and most sophisticated rover landed safely on Mars and the world's most famous Moon visitor died, but the space event that most captured the public's imagination in 2012 involved a journey to Earth.On Oct. 14, YouTube counted 52 million streams of the Austrian daredevil Felix Baumgartner's supersonic, record-breaking jump from a balloon 24 miles above the New Mexico desert. YouTube called it "one of the most-viewed live events ever," and it landed at No. 10 on the video-sharing site's year-end trending list — the first time a science-related subject made the list, a YouTube spokeswoman said. ( Google listed the leap as No. 7 in its Zeitgeist 2012 of trending events.)And it was far from the only science story to go viral. To put it in 140 characters or less, social media and science found each other in.In surprising numbers, people posted, viewed and searched for science-related topics last year — sharing news from space and undersea, commenting on new discoveries and uploading photos and video in a full-out embrace of the ability to communicate with thousands of others about global subjects in real time.The first Twitter message on Aug. 5 from @MarsCuriosity, NASA's official rover handle — "Gale Crater I Am in You!!!" — was retweeted more than,000 times. Photos of the space shuttle Endeavour flying over the West Coast, on its way to its final resting place, ricocheted across the planet. And the director James Cameron's claim to have sent the "deepest tweet" — from the Mariana Trench, about seven miles below the surface of the Pacific — was rated one of Twitter's "moments of serendipity and just plain awesomeness" (though it was actually sent by a friend above water. Four science-related events made that list, with the Mars landing at No. 1.In an age of despair over math and science acuity, it appears that what was once considered uninteresting or unfathomable has become cool and exciting.People now feel that "if they're not paying attention, they're missing out on something," said Kevin Allocca, the trends manager for YouTube .The rover in particular has picked up followers and likes at amazing speed and volume, though it is the fourth landing of an American space exploration vehicle on the planet."We went from,000 on Aug. 4 to over,000 followers on landing night," Veronica McGregor, the media relations and social media manager at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said of its Twitter account . "And then we hit a million really quickly."Two months after the landing, the mission was averaging about,000 Twitter mentions a month. The Facebook page for NASA's Mars rover Curiosity is heading toward a half- million likes, and the hashtag #Curiosity was the fifth most used on Google Plus in.The trend is, in some ways, self-fulfilling. Social media platforms are growing in popularity . There is also more online content, which is becoming more accessible, entertaining and engaging, Mr. Allocca said. Science subjects are also universal, more likely to attract global audiences. And people who are interested in science and technology tend to be especially comfortable with seeking and sharing information in digital ways.Still, an epidemic of science geekiness seems to have broken out.On Facebook, Mr. Baumgartner's jump ranked higher than Mitt Romney's announcement of Representative Paul D . Ryanof Wisconsin as his running mate, according to the Talk Meter, a tool that compares chatter on the social site with baseline conversation.On the Google Zeitgeist 2012 list, "Stratosphere jump" follows "Presidential debate" (No. 6) but surpasses " Penn State scandal" (No. 8) and " Trayvon Martin shooting" (No. 9). " Hurricane Sandy " is No. 1.NASA (which now has about.6 million likes on Facebook ) has also become more sophisticated and assertive about doling out information piece by piece to sustain interest. The strategy plays into the strengths of social platforms, which allow users to dip in and out of streams of news and information at their convenience.NASA's "Seven Minutes of Terror " video on YouTube, about the difficulties of landing the rover, attracted two million views. And a satirical video made independently of NASA, "We're NASA and We Know It" — to the tune of "I'm Sexy and I Know It" (chorus: "Crane lower that rover") — has gotten close to.7 million views.There are also more ways for followers to engage in events: helping to name the rover, or picking up a Curiosity Explorer badge on Foursquare for checking in at a NASA visitor center, science museum or planetarium. Ms. McGregor said that NASA, in turn, was paying attention to what its fans want. It was learning that with so many followers just starting to connect with the whole space thing, the agency needs to provide more basic information.Earthlings have long had a fascination with the unknown. But social media experts say people can now feel as if they are part of the adventure. They can watch events live, then incorporate the developments in their "timelines." They can follow science — and not have to worry about taking the final exam.A recent LiveScience article, "Why We're Mad for Mars," tries to explain the renewed popularity of Mars. The answer is simple, noted a commenter, Jerry. "People are explorers," he wrote. "That is all the article needed to say."
On this day that fetishizes finitude, that reminds us how rapidly our own earthly time share is shrinking, allow me to offer the modest comfort of infinities.Yes, infinities, plural. The popular notion of infinity may be of a monolithic totality, the ultimate, unbounded big tent that goes on forever and subsumes everything in its path — time, the cosmos, your complete collection of old Playbills. Yet in the ever-evolving view of scientists, philosophers and other scholars, there really is no single, implacable entity called infinity.Instead, there are infinities, multiplicities of the limit-free that come in a vast variety of shapes, sizes, purposes and charms. Some are tailored for mathematics, some for cosmology, others for theology; some are of such recent vintage their fontanels still feel soft. There are flat infinities, hunchback infinities, bubbling infinities, hyperboloid infinities. There are infinitely large sets of one kind of number, and even bigger, infinitely large sets of another kind of number.There are the infinities of the everyday, as exemplified by the figure of pi, with its endless post-decimal tail of nonrepeating digits, and how about if we just round it off to.14159 and then serve pie on March 14 at:59 p.m.? Another stalwart of infinity shows up in the mathematics that gave us modernity: calculus."All the key concepts of calculus build on infinite processes of one form or another that take limits out to infinity," said Steven Strogatz, author of the recent book "The Joy of x: A Guided Tour of Math, From One to Infinity" and a professor of applied mathematics at Cornell. In calculus, he added, "infinity is your friend."Yet worthy friends can come in prickly packages, and mathematicians have learned to handle infinity with care."Mathematicians find the concept of infinity so useful, but it can be quite subtle and quite dangerous," said Ian Stewart, a mathematics researcher at the University of Warwick in England and the author of "Visions of Infinity," the latest of many books. "If you treat infinity like a normal number, you can come up with all sorts of nonsense, like saying, infinity plus one is equal to infinity, and now we subtract infinity from each side and suddenly naught equals one. You can't be freewheeling in your use of infinity."Then again, a very different sort of infinity may well be freewheeling you. Based on recent studies of the cosmic microwave afterglow of the Big Bang, with which our known universe began.7 billion years ago, many cosmologists now believe that this observable universe is just a tiny, if relentlessly expanding, patch of space-time embedded in a greater universal fabric that is, in a profound sense, infinite. It may be an infinitely large monoverse, or it may be an infinite bubble bath of infinitely budding and inflating multiverses, but infinite it is, and the implications of that infinity are appropriately huge."If you take a finite physical system and a finite set of states, and you have an infinite universe in which to sample them, to randomly explore all the possibilities, you will get duplicates," said Anthony Aguirre, an associate professor of physics who studies theoretical cosmology at the University of California, Santa Cruz .Not just rough copies, either. "If the universe is big enough, you can go all the way," Dr. Aguirre said. "If I ask, will there be a planet like Earth with a person in Santa Cruz sitting at this colored desk, with every atom, every wave function exactly the same, if the universe is infinite the answer has to be yes."In short, your doppelgängers may be out there and many variants, too, some with much better hair who can play Bach like Glenn Gould. A far less savory thought: There could be a configuration, Dr. Aguirre said, "where the Nazis won the war."Given infinity's potential for troublemaking, it's small wonder the ancient Greeks abhorred the very notion of it.
SONOMA, Calif. — Under rows of old chicken sheds, Jack Chambers has built an empire of huge metal boxes filled with cattle manure and millions of wriggling red worms."My buddies all had planes and boats," said Mr. Chambers, 60, a former airline pilot. "I have a worm farm."Mr. Chambers's two decades of investment in what he calls an "underground movement" may be paying off. New research suggests that the product whose manufacture he helped pioneer, a worm-created soil additive called vermicompost, offers an array of benefits for plants — helping them grow with more vigor, and making them more resistant to disease and insects, than those grown with other types of composts and fertilizers .The earthworm's digestive process, it turns out, "is a really nice incubator for microorganisms," said Norman Q. Arancon, an assistant professor of horticulture at the University of Hawaii at Hilo.And these microbes, which multiply rapidly when they are excreted, alter the ecosystem of the soil. Some make nitrogen more available to plant roots, accounting for the increased growth . The high diversity and numbers of microbes outperform those in the soil that cause disease.By contrast, Dr. Arancon said, soil that has been heavily exposed to synthetic fertilizers, pesticides and herbicides lacks microbial richness and diversity, qualities that can be restored naturally by adding the microbes from worms.Some experts and entrepreneurs hope earthworms can also help with another problem: the growing piles of animal waste from dairy farms and other agricultural operations.Worm Power, a company in Avon, N.Y., transforms 10 million pounds of manure from a single dairy herd each year — about 40 percent of the cattle's output — into.5 million pounds of vermicompost. Tom Herlihy, a former municipal waste engineer who founded the company in, says it has raised more than $6 million in venture capital and $2 million in grants for research, much of it at Cornell University .Here in Northern California, Mr. Chambers's Sonoma Valley Worm Farm produces about half a million pounds of similar compost, an amount he plans to increase in the spring. He loads a long metal bin with cow manure and,000 to,000 Eisenia fetida, or red wigglers — weighing 300 to 400 pounds. In their wake, the worms leave cattle waste that has been processed into rich and crumbly castings that look like fine peat moss.It takes six months for a vermicompost bed to become fully mature, by which time a million worms roam the manure. Mr. Chambers continues to add two yards of manure and harvest one yard of worm compost weekly. The finished product is shaved, an inch at a time, off the bottom of the bin. An established bed can go on this way for years.Both operations pre-compost their manure before they fork it over to the worms. That means piling it up and allowing it to get naturally hot enough to kill unwanted seeds and pathogens like E. coli.The properties of worm compost are different from fertilizer or manure. "It's interesting and complicated," said Rhonda Sherman, an extension specialist at North Carolina State University who has taught vermicomposting around the world for more than 30 years and who holds an annual conference on the subject."Certain plants might react well to vermicompost from dairy manure," she said, "and other plants might react better to food-waste vermicompost." That has led to "boutique composting," with different blends for different kinds of plants.A West Coast company, California Soils, uses worms to break down cardboard waste fibers that are too short to be recycled. The glue used to bind the paper serves as an important source of nitrogen for the worms. "It's a really good product for nut farmers and stone fruit farmers," Mitch Davis, a company spokesman, said of the compost, adding that it also helps control nutgall, a fungal disease that afflicts walnut trees.Worms were said to be Darwin's favorite organism, and for good reason: it seems they can break down most anything. Studies have shown they can detoxify soil with cadmium, lead and other heavy metals.Another product made from worm waste is a concentrate, sometimes called tea, that Mr. Chambers extracts using an aerator. Dr. Arancon said even a 1 percent solution of the extract had the same properties as vermicompost.At Cornell, Eric Nelson, a plant pathologist, is studying how compost suppresses disease. Worm Power's product, he says, does a better job than traditional compost, perhaps because the worm compost is highly uniform. "The key is understanding why these microbes do what they do," Dr. Nelson said. Then, perhaps, the mechanism can be enhanced, he said.The worm compost is considered valuable enough to fetch almost 10 times the price of other composts.Still, the industry suffers from image problems. "It's hard to bring it out of the 'It's cute to have a worm box in my backyard' approach and put it on par with other strategies for waste management," said Allison Jack, who earned her doctorate by studying vermicompost at Cornell and is now teaching at Prescott College in Arizona .The quality of products varies widely, and because there are no industry standards, anyone can call a product vermicompost.For a time, the worm business was a haven for swindlers. Companies would sell worms to growers, who were told they could raise more worms and produce vermicompost, which they could then sell back. Some of these offers turned out to be Ponzi schemes .Still, the properties of vermicompost have long been recognized by growers. Jeff Dawson, the curator of gardens at the Round Pond Estate winery in the Napa Valley, swears by Mr. Chambers's castings, which he has used for more than a decade."A cup or half a cup in the hole as we plant each vine increases the vine's ability to establish itself at a much faster pace," Mr. Dawson said. "And it creates a healthier plant ."This being California, some of Mr. Chambers's customers are medical marijuana growers, and he likes the way growers do business . "They hand you cash," he said.
 The Food and Drug Administration announced on Monday that it had approved a new treatment for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis that can be used as an alternative when other drugs fail.The drug, to be called Sirturo, was discovered by scientists at Janssen, the pharmaceuticals unit of Johnson & Johnson, and is the first in a new class of drugs that aims to treat the drug-resistant strain of the disease.Tuberculosis is a highly infectious disease that is transmitted through the air and usually affects the lungs but can also affect other parts of the body, including the brain and kidneys. It is considered one of the world's most serious public health threats. Although rare in the United States, multidrug-resistant tuberculosis is a growing problem elsewhere in the world, especially in poorer countries . About 12 million people worldwide had tuberculosis in, according to Johnson & Johnson, and about,000 had multidrug-resistant TB.A study in September in The Lancet found that almost 44 percent of patients with tuberculosis in countries like Russia, Peru and Thailand showed resistance to at least one second-line drug, or a medicine used after another drug had already failed.Treating drug-resistant tuberculosis can take years and can cost 200 times as much as treating the ordinary form of the disease"This is quite a milestone in the story of therapy for TB," Dr. Paul Stoffels, the chief scientific officer at Johnson & Johnson, said in an interview. He said the approval was the first time in 40 years that the agency had approved a drug that attacked tuberculosis in a different way from the current treatments on the market . Sirturo works by inhibiting an enzyme needed by the tuberculosis bacteria to replicate and spread throughout the body.Sirturo, also known as bedaquiline, would be used on top of the standard treatment, which is a combination of several drugs. Patients with drug-resistant tuberculosis often must be treated for 18 to 24 months.Even as it announced the approval, however, the F.D.A. also issued some words of caution."Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis poses a serious health threat throughout the world, and Sirturo provides much-needed treatment for patients who have don't have other therapeutic options available," Edward Cox, director of the office of antimicrobial products in the F.D.A.'s center for drug evaluation and research, said in a statement. "However, because the drug also carries some significant risks, doctors should make sure they use it appropriately and only in patients who don't have other treatment options."The consumer advocacy group Public Citizen opposed approval in a letter to the F.D.A. in mid-December, saying that the results of a limited clinical trial showed that patients using bedaquiline were five times as likely to die than those on the standard drug regimen to treat the disease."Given that bedaquiline belongs to an entirely new class of drugs, it is entirely feasible that death in some cases was due to some unmeasured toxicity of the drug," the letter said.Sirturo carries a so-called black box warning for patients and health care professionals that the drug can affect the heart's electrical activity, which could lead to an abnormal and potentially fatal heart rhythm. The warning also notes deaths in patients treated with Sirturo. Nine patients who received Sirturo died compared with two patients who received a placebo. Five of the deaths in the Sirturo group and all of the deaths in the placebo arm seemed to be related to tuberculosis, but no consistent reason for the deaths in the remaining Sirturo-treated patients could be identified. Doctors Without Borders and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, both active in the fight against tuberculosis and other global diseases, applauded the F.D.A.'s decision.Jan Gheuens, interim director of the TB Program for the Gates Foundation, called it a " long-awaited event" and said the fight against TB had not benefited from new drugs in the way H.I.V. had. Beyond the benefits of the drug itself, he said the quick approval process could be a model for other drugs sorely needed in the developing world .He also suggested, however, that more trials should be conducted to get a better understanding of the side effects that led to the black box warning.The F.D.A. approved bedaquiline under an accelerated program that allows the agency to conditionally approve drugs that are viewed as filling unmet medical needs with less than the usual evidence that they work. The drug's approval was based on studies that showed it killed bacteria more quickly than a control group taking the standard regimen, but it did not measure whether in the end patients actually fared better on bedaquiline. Johnson & Johnson will conduct larger clinical trials to investigate whether the drug performs as predicted.In a statement responding to Public Citizen's letter, a spokeswoman for Johnson & Johnson said the company was committed to supporting appropriate use of Sirturo and would "work to ensure Sirturo is used only where treatment alternatives are not available."Dr. Stoffels said the hope was that other new tuberculosis drugs would also be approved that, when used in combination with bedaquiline, could shorten and simplify the current standard of treatment. "That is still a long time away," he acknowledged, but "this is a first step in a new regimen for TB."
A year ago, some thought 2012 was destined to be the year that the euro zone — and maybe even the entire European Union — broke up. The banks that supported their governments, and that in turn depended on those same governments for bailouts if they went broke, were deemed to be particularly vulnerable to disaster.It did not happen, and while the euro zone countries hardly solved their economic problems, the Continent's stock markets turned out to be good investments in, with bank shares among the best performers. The same could be said about the United States, where the broad stock market posted double-digit gains and Bank of America shares doubled in, albeit from a very depressed level.Over all, the Standard & Poor's Euro 350- stock index was up 13 percent for the year, measured in euros, and more than 15 percent measured in dollars . The S.& P. 500 wound up the year with a gain of 13 percent.It may have been typical of 2012 that it was politicians and central bankers — not economic news or corporate developments — that dominated investor attention. As the year ended, the difference was that it was Washington, not Europe, where the squabbles were taking place .For much of the year, it appeared that the European squabbles were leading nowhere, and by midsummer, markets were pessimistic about the outcome. Finally, Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, took decisive action to assure that the banks — and the governments that depended on them — would have access to funds . That did not turn around recessionary conditions in much of the euro zone, but it was enough to turn around financial markets . Prices of government bonds in many of the most troubled countries began to rise. Those who bet that Europe would solve its problems did well in the financial markets . The accompanying charts show the performance of stocks in 10 economic sectors in both Europe and the United States, both in 2012 and since Oct. 9, 2007, the day that world stock markets peaked before what would turn out to be a world recession and credit crisis .What stands out is how well financial stocks and consumer discretionary stocks did during. The latter stocks are things purchased by consumers that are likely to do better when the economy is improving . In the United States, the two best such stocks in the S.& P. 500 were PulteGroup, a homebuilder, and Whirlpool, an appliance maker.But while Europe did better in, it remains much farther from recovering all of the losses experienced since the 2007 peak. The American index is just 9 percent lower than that, while the European index is about a third below where it was then. The only sectors that have completely made up their losses on both sides of the Atlantic are health care and consumer staples . In the United States, the consumer discretionary and information technology sectors have also done so, although the latter sector's performance is largely because of Apple, whose shares are more than three times as high as they were in.
 Manchester United maintained its seven-point lead in the English Premier League with a 4-0 victory over Wigan at the DW Stadium on Tuesday.Javier Hernández opened the scoring for the visitors in the 35th minute with a strike from close range before Robin van Persie doubled the advantage eight minutes later. Hernández added his second in the 63rd minute and Van Persie matched the Mexico international in the 88th minute when he closed out the scoring. Van Persie's brace moves him to 64 goals in 76 league games since January. Manchester City, Stoke City 0 Sergio Agüero endured a bittersweet first match of 2013 for Manchester City, rounding off the scoring in a victory over Stoke before going off injured. Agüero converted a 74th- minute penalty, adding to goals by Pablo Zabaleta and Edin Dzeko, to ensure Stoke's 10-match unbeaten run in the league came to a crushing end at the Etihad Stadium. However, Agüero was forced off three minutes later, clutching his right hamstring, after pulling up sharply as he ran.City remained seven points behind United in the title race. Tottenham, Reading 1 Tottenham conceded a quick goal to Reading, but still won easily.Pavel Pogrebnyak scored in the fourth minute for the visiting side, boosting Reading's hope of a first away win of the season.But Michael Dawson leveled five minutes later. Emmanuel Adebayor scored the winner in the 51 st minute, and Clint Dempsey finished it with about 10 minutes to go. West Ham, Norwich 1 West Ham beat Norwich at Upton Park, handing the Canaries their fourth consecutive league defeat .The home side relied on first-half goals from Mark Noble and Joey O'Brien to secure the victory. Russell Martin scored a late consolation for Norwich .Noble opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the third minute after the referee, Mark Clattenburg, awarded West Ham a soft penalty when Ryan Bennett held on to Winston Reid.In the 26th minute, Noble became the architect, wriggling his way into the Norwich box. His cross was cleared, but fell to O'Brien who smashed the ball into the net. Martin scored on a volley in the 90th minute but West Ham held on. West Bromwich Albion, Fulham 2 Dimitar Berbatov inspired Fulham to a surprise victory at West Bromwich Albion, helping the Londoners end a four-match winless run that had dropped them close to relegation .Alex Kacaniklic grabbed Fulham's 58th-minute winner but it was Berbatov who impressed most. The former Manchester United striker opened the scoring in the 40th minute for the league's first goal of 2013 and impressing throughout with his vision and skill. Romelu Lukaku, on loan from Chelsea, equalized for West Brom from close range four minutes after the break.It was Fulham's second away victory of the season.Villa looked on course to secure a victory when Christian Benteke converted an 84th- minute penalty at the Liberty Stadium. However, Graham provided the last touch in a goalmouth scramble four minutes into injury time.
 Energy drinks are the fastest-growing part of the beverage industry, with sales in the United States reaching more than $10 billion in 2012 — more than Americans spent on iced tea or sports beverages like Gatorade.Their rising popularity represents a generational shift in what people drink, and reflects a successful campaign to convince consumers, particularly teenagers, that the drinks provide a mental and physical edge.The drinks are now under scrutiny by the Food and Drug Administration after reports of deaths and serious injuries that may be linked to their high caffeine levels. But however that review ends, one thing is clear, interviews with researchers and a review of scientific studies show: the energy drink industry is based on a brew of ingredients that, apart from caffeine, have little, if any benefit for consumers ."If you had a cup of coffee you are going to affect metabolism in the same way," said Dr. Robert W. Pettitt, an associate professor at Minnesota State University in Mankato, who has studied the drinks. Energy drink companies have promoted their products not as caffeine-fueled concoctions but as specially engineered blends that provide something more. For example, producers claim that " Red Bull gives you wings," that Rockstar Energy is "scientifically formulated" and Monster Energy is a "killer energy brew." Representative Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, a Democrat, has asked the government to investigate the industry's marketing claims.Promoting a message beyond caffeine has enabled the beverage makers to charge premium prices . A 16-ounce energy drink that sells for.99 a can contains about the same amount of caffeine as a tablet of NoDoz that costs 30 cents. Even Starbucks coffee is cheap by comparison; a 12-ounce cup that costs .85 has even more caffeine.As with earlier elixirs, a dearth of evidence underlies such claims. Only a few human studies of energy drinks or the ingredients in them have been performed and they point to a similar conclusion, researchers say — that the beverages are mainly about caffeine.Caffeine is called the world's most widely used drug. A stimulant, it increases alertness, awareness and, if taken at the right time, improves athletic performance, studies show. Energy drink users feel its kick faster because the beverages are typically swallowed quickly or are sold as concentrates."These are caffeine delivery systems," said Dr. Roland Griffiths, a researcher at Johns Hopkins University who has studied energy drinks . "They don't want to say this is equivalent to a NoDoz because that is not a very sexy sales message."A scientist at the University of Wisconsin became puzzled as he researched an ingredient used in energy drinks like Red Bull, 5-Hour Energy and Monster Energy . The researcher, Dr. Craig A. Goodman, could not find any trials in humans of the additive, a substance with the tongue-twisting name of glucuronolactone that is related to glucose, a sugar. But Dr. Goodman, who had studied other energy drink ingredients, eventually found two 40-year-old studies from Japan that had examined it.In the experiments, scientists injected large doses of the substance into laboratory rats. Afterward, the rats swam better. "I have no idea what it does in energy drinks," Dr. Goodman said. Energy drink manufacturers say it is their proprietary formulas, rather than specific ingredients, that provide users with physical and mental benefits . But that has not prevented them from implying otherwise.Consider the case of taurine, an additive used in most energy products.On its Web site, the producer of Red Bull, for example, states that "more than,500 reports have been published about taurine and its physiological effects," including acting as a "detoxifying agent." In addition, that company, Red Bull of Austria, points to a 2009 safety study by a European regulatory group that gave it a clean bill of health.But Red Bull's Web site does not mention reports by that same group, the European Food Safety Authority, which concluded that claims about the benefits in energy drinks lacked scientific support. Based on those findings, the European Commission has refused to approve claims that taurine helps maintain mental function and heart health and reduces muscle fatigue.Taurine, an amino acidlike substance that got its name because it was first found in the bile of bulls, does play a role in bodily functions, and recent research suggests it might help prevent heart attacks in women with high cholesterol . However, most people get more than adequate amounts from foods like meat, experts said. And researchers added that those with heart problems who may need supplements would find far better sources than energy drinks .
PASADENA, Calif. — The view was still a sight to behold, the same as it has been for 99 years: the sun setting on the San Gabriel Mountains in the distance as the Rose Bowl champion was about to be decided. But this year's meeting devolved into something familiar for Barry Alvarez: brawn, bruises and punts. A lot of punts.Alvarez's 16 seasons as Wisconsin's coach, a College Football Hall of Fame induction, a previously perfect 3-0 Rose Bowl record, his vintage red sweater vest and timeless sunglasses did not count for much on Tuesday. Not against Stanford, a program that flexed its staying power, slowly wearing out the Badgers, 20-14.After Stanford's first Rose Bowl win since 1972 and Wisconsin's third Rose Bowl loss in three years, the grass was worn, marked with fresh divots, and the ground was lumpy, somewhat like Play-Doh. For Stanford, at least, it had been fun."We do what we do, man," said Cardinal linebacker Shayne Skov, eye black smeared on his face."We play defense, we run the ball, we blitz, we tackle, we play physical, we run the ball," he said, repeating himself. "When we do it the right way, and we communicate and don't make mistakes, it looks great."Yet Stanford, ranked eighth, jumped to a 14-0 lead by taking chances. Wisconsin (8-6) trailed, 17-14, at halftime. By the second half, fatigue set in, and a tug of war ensued between each team's star running back, Wisconsin's Montee Ball and Stanford's Stepfan Taylor.At first, though, the game was thrilling. Sensing Wisconsin would be overzealous, Stanford ran what Coach David Shaw considered "razzle-dazzle" plays, a double-reverse wide receiver pass for 34 yards on its first drive, and a 43-yard play-action pass to tight end Zach Ertz on its second drive. Both drives ended in touchdowns. The excitement mostly ended there.Ball, the N.C.A.A. record-holder for career touchdowns, broke free for an 11- yard touchdown, and Wisconsin quarterback Curt Phillips ignited another touchdown drive with a 38-yard scamper, but the Badgers moved the ball slower than the Cardinal, just like Alvarez's teams of old. Wisconsin seniors had pleaded for Alvarez, the athletic director, to step in for Bret Bielema, who had left for Arkansas, to coach them in the Rose Bowl . Alvarez hired Utah State Coach Gary Andersen but decided to take Bielema's place for the bowl game . Six assistants who will move on to new jobs stayed to assist Alvarez.Even with Bielema gone, there had been hope."Winning this game would've erased everything, all the bad stuff that happened to us this season, but we fell short," Ball said afterward, shaking his head .Ball did his part, rushing for 100 yards on 24 carries . His counterpart, Taylor, had 88 yards and a touchdown and was named the offensive player of the game.Back and forth he and Taylor went in the second half, disappearing in a mosh pit of red and white bodies, out of sight to gain their yards . Not many came in the third quarter, when there were three total first downs and seven punts between the two teams ."I come from a high school where we ran the spread offense and it was just deep ball, deep ball, deep ball — that's boring to me," said Stanford's fifth-year senior center, Sam Schwartzstein. Referring to the Cardinal's former star quarterback, he continued: "You can ask Andrew Luck. He thinks that's boring too. This is real football, grindstone. That's how it's supposed to be played." Stanford quarterback Kevin Hogan had done "just enough," on those first two drives, said Stanford's offensive coordinator, Pep Hamilton. He handed the ball off 27 times — 20 to Taylor — and threw just 19 passes for 123 yards . It was Hogan's 54 rushing yards that were crucial, Shaw said, in a game where yards were scarce.Finally, in the fourth quarter, Hogan led a grueling 11-play, 51- yard drive that ended in a 22- yard field goal, padding Stanford's lead as darkness fell.Already, some of the Rose Bowl's shine had faded. Pundits, and surely conventional wisdom, thought Wisconsin somewhat unworthy of a Rose Bowl berth, having lost five games this season. Because Penn State and Ohio State were ineligible, Wisconsin played in the Big Ten championship and whipped Nebraska, 70-31.So this Rose Bowl was billed as brawn versus brawn. The opponents looked and played the same. Hamilton had remarked that he considered his offensive linemen "playmakers." And Alvarez warned: "Better bring your big-boy pads." Wisconsin was within a touchdown, driving near midfield, when Phillips's pass was tipped and intercepted by Usua Amanam with 2 minutes 3 seconds left .The struggle had ended, and the San Gabriel Mountains were no longer visible in the night.
In his first meaningful act as the Nets' interim head coach, P. J. Carlesimo sat down with Deron Williams and laid out his mission, a broad outline for leading the Nets to success."I told him exactly what I needed him to be," Carlesimo said Tuesday. "I needed him to be Deron Williams ."This is more complicated than it sounds.The Nets need the Deron Williams who led the Utah Jazz to the Western Conference finals in, the Deron Williams who became an All-Star at, the Deron Williams who was, not long ago, widely regarded as one of the two best point guards on earth (along with Chris Paul .The Nets need the Deron Williams they thought they had acquired from Utah on Feb. 23, 2011, the one whose mere presence could reinvigorate a franchise, change perceptions, inspire greatness, energize a borough, start a new era.The Nets have rarely seen that Deron Williams this season, or for that matter, since he arrived 22 months ago . The Deron Williams they have seems a little lost, a little broken, a little fatigued and not quite sure of himself.If this sounds like some sort of existential crisis, it is. And it threatens to undermine everything the Nets hoped to accomplish with a $330 million roster makeover last summer.All of the team's grand hopes begin with a presumption: that Williams is an elite point guard . At the moment, not even Williams can make that assertion."I don't think I'm playing like one," he said Tuesday morning . "I think I can be. But I've just got to figure this thing out. Try not to panic, hopefully not talk about it too much."With that, Williams smiled ruefully at the reporters who were asking him to talk about it, knowing full well that the questions would not recede until his game returned to form. Williams is averaging a rather ordinary.3 points and.5 assists a game this season, while shooting a career-low.9 percent from the field.At his peak, in, he averaged.4 points and.7 assists while shooting.1 percent. He shot.6 percent or better in each of his last four full seasons in Utah ."I just played with more bounce there," Williams said.No one compares Williams with Paul anymore, and he might not even make a top-10 list of point guards . As of Tuesday, he had the 20th-best player efficiency rating at his position.Williams's struggles are not the sole reason the Nets have lost 11 of their last 16 games. They are having erratic production from Joe Johnson, their other All-Star, and a once-promising bench has faltered badly. Injuries to Brook Lopez and Gerald Wallace have disrupted their fragile chemistry.Nor was Williams the sole culprit in the Nets' humiliating 104-73 loss to the San Antonio Spurs on Monday. He scored all 5 of their points in a record-low third quarter.Yet undeniably it is Williams who, as the point guard and the franchise star, carries the greatest burden and who has the greatest ability to reverse the Nets' fortunes, if only he can find his game."I'm disappointed in how I'm playing," he said. "I've had stretches where one or two games I had off-games, but never like this, never consistently playing this bad." Williams has been the first to call himself out after poor performances, admitting at various times that he has lost confidence while trying to play down various injuries that have surely affected his performance. Earlier this week, General Manager Billy King added another item to the list: the likelihood that Williams is fatigued after playing for the United States Olympic team last summer. Williams agreed, admitting that he barely took a break during the 2012 off-season. For that matter, he has had little time off since September, when he began playing in Turkey during the N.B.A. lockout.In a typical off-season, Williams said he takes a one-month break. But last year, he kept training in advance of the Olympics and resumed personal workouts right after he returned from London."I thought it was the best thing to do," Williams said Monday, "and now looking back, it probably would have been smarter to take some time off and get a little bit of rest, especially just on my legs, my ankles in general, because they took a lot of pounding over the last year." Williams has been dealing with a sprained right ankle and bone spurs in his left ankle, which will probably require off-season surgery.The theories on his struggles do not end there. Williams at one point cited the Nets' isolation-heavy playbook, saying he was more comfortable with Utah's motion offense. Ethan Sherwood Strauss of Bleacher Report last month analyzed Williams's shooting trends and concluded that he simply is not getting in the lane for high-percentage shots as much as he once did.David Locke, the Jazz's radio commentator, has pointed to the right wrist injury that Williams sustained in February, noting that all of Williams's statistics have declined since then. Williams had surgery on the wrist that April. He has fallen on it several times this season and ices it after every game."I felt like I shot a lot better before my wrist surgery," Williams conceded. "I played the last year and a half in Utah with a bad wrist. It's one of those things where I shot a certain way for two and a half years, because of the wrist. I don't know if it's changed my shot or what, but my shot hasn't felt the same since."Having said all of that, having embraced every possible explanation for his struggles, Williams concluded, "It's not injuries; it's just in my head, and I've got to get it out."And the existential crisis goes on.
It seemed like a logical decision at the time. It was a cold, windy day at Rich Stadium in suburban Buffalo in, and the hometown Bills were behind, 35-3, in the second half of a first-round playoff game against the Houston Oilers . With the outcome seemingly no longer in question and the weather rather uninviting, many fans simply chose to go home.The score was not the lone reason for pessimism. The Bills were playing without Jim Kelly, their franchise quarterback ; linebacker Cornelius Bennett, the N.F.L.'s defensive player of the year; and running back Thurman Thomas, the offensive player of the year, who injured his hip early in the third quarter. And the Oilers had crushed Buffalo, 27-3, the week before."I almost never, ever, ever give up, but at that point, I kind of did give up," said Barb Beebe, who was at the game and is the mother of Don Beebe, then a receiver for Buffalo .But just as it looked as if all hope was lost, the Bills proceeded to mount the largest comeback in N.F.L. history, a victory that two decades later — Thursday will mark the game's 20th anniversary — still resonates in western New York.Some of the fans who left early did not realize until much later that the Bills came back to win. Others heard it unfold on the radio. The game did not sell out, so it was not televised locally. The Bills did not allow fans who left the game to re-enter the stadium. The only way for those who left to get back into the stadium was to climb over an imposing fence. Many did just that until late into the game, when the team began to allow fans with ticket stubs back in the stadium.Frank Reich, who was filling in for Kelly, said that when the Bills were facing the seemingly insurmountable deficit, a teammate reminded him that when Reich was in college, he led Maryland back from 31 points down to beat Miami ."I knew it could be done, but I don't think anyone was thinking about winning the game at that point," Reich said recently. "It was about being a professional and not getting embarrassed."The improbable comeback was propelled by two botched kicks, a shanked punt, a bobbled snap and a noncall by the officials . A short kickoff set up a 50- yard scoring drive by Buffalo that cut the lead to. Then Bills kicker Steve Christie recovered his own kickoff — Marv Levy, then Buffalo's coach, still insists the play was a flub and not a planned onside kick .Three plays later, Beebe caught a 38-yard touchdown pass on first down to make it. Replays show that he stepped out of bounds before making the catch. Barb Beebe, who insists her son never stepped out of bounds, said that was the point when she regained hope. Cris Dishman, who was a cornerback for Houston, still says the noncall cost the Oilers the game."Why didn't someone think of instant replay sooner?" he said. "Then that greatest comeback never would have happened."Reich threw three touchdown passes in seven minutes against the N.F.L.'s third-best pass defense to cut the deficit to. He then threw another touchdown pass to Andre Reed for the third time to give Buffalo a 38-35 lead.The Oilers soon had a chance to tie, but holder Greg Montgomery bobbled the snap to botch a 31- yard field-goal attempt . Warren Moon drove the Oilers to the Bills' 9 in the waning moments of regulation, and Houston kicked a field goal with 12 seconds left to send the game to overtime.The Oilers got the ball first, but Nate Odomes picked off Moon's pass at Houston's, leading to a Christie field goal that gave the Bills a 41-38 win.The Bills poured onto the field in celebration, and the fans who stayed — or returned — hugged and kissed one another, cried tears of joy and sang "Shout," the team's theme song, for the seventh and final time in the game.At the postgame news conference, Reich recited lyrics to a Christian song that he said inspired him before taking questions."It was the biggest choke in history," he told reporters . "Everyone on the team, everyone in the organization choked today."Dishman, now an assistant secondary coach with the San Diego Chargers, has not changed his opinion. "I stick with that statement because that's what happened," he said recently. "We didn't finish the game."
 SAVE THE CHILDREN has enlisted the rock group OneRepublic to write a song that incorporates the actual heartbeats of young people and serves as the centerpiece of a public service advertising campaign .Meant to gain financial and political support for the organization's efforts to reduce child mortality, the campaign — called "Every Beat Matters" — was created by the New York office of the BBDO ad agency, part of the Omnicom Group, for Save the Children and the Advertising Council. OneRepublic's song, called "Feel Again," was released in August on iTunes and will be featured on the group's album, "Native," to be released in March.The campaign is BBDO's second for Save the Children, based in Westport, Conn., and the Ad Council ; its first was introduced in. Both campaigns were created to support the newborn and child survival efforts, primarily overseas, of Save the Children . According to Unicef data, about seven million children a year die before their fifth birthday, mostly from preventable and treatable causes like pneumonia, diarrhea and neonatal complications. Newborns account for 40 percent of those deaths.David Lubars, chairman and chief creative officer of BBDO North America, said that when the agency began working with Save the Children, it decided to use the organization's "unheralded" health workers to illustrate its aid efforts. The first campaign depicted actual workers in Ethiopia and Bangladesh, walking to work in rural villages and examining children.The new campaign came about, Mr. Lubars said, when BBDO discovered a new type of stethoscope that lets the user listen to and record a patient's heartbeat. It hired the documentary makers Sean and Andrea Fine, who have worked in Uganda and India, to film a local health worker, trained by Save the Children, in a rural village in Malawi.The Fines's 90-second television spot opens with the health worker, Chisomo Boxer, preparing for work and waiting on his bicycle on a dirt road. It then shows an airplane flying over rural Africa, carrying a box that is unloaded from the plane and delivered to Mr. Boxer. He enters the village, surrounded by children, and opens the box, which contains a special stethoscope. He uses it to listen to and record the children's heartbeats and to assess their health.The second half of the spot shows the Denver recording studio of OneRepublic. The group's lead singer, Ryan Tedder, plugs a cable into the stethoscope, listens to the heartbeats of the children from Malawi and composes a song incorporating them. OneRepublic is then shown recording the song.The ad concludes with Mr. Boxer riding his bicycle in Malawi with the stethoscope strapped to it, the village children running behind him. "Feel Again" is played, and a voice-over says: "This song was created with heartbeats of children in need. Find out how it can help front-line health workers bring hope to millions of children at EveryBeatMatters.org," a Web site that BBDO created for the campaign.BBDO also designed three print ads, each a "heartbeat portrait" of a different aid worker, one of whom is Mr. Boxer. Each portrait is made up of dozens of real electrocardiogram images; the name of each child whose electrocardiogram is shown is printed in tiny type to the left of the image.The copy on Mr. Boxer's ad says: "Actual heartbeats from the children Chisomo saved in Malawi created this portrait of him. Help front-line health workers like Chisomo bring hope to millions of children at EveryBeatMatters.org."The campaign also includes Web banners that employ Mr. Boxer's "heartbeat portrait," radio spots featuring Mr. Tedder, outdoor ads and Facebook and Twitter initiatives encouraging people to download OneRepublic's song.In addition, BBDO created an interactive kiosk that lets users plug their headphones into stethoscopes to listen to a child's heartbeat, "Feel Again" and a message from Mr. Tedder. The kiosk was on display last month at the One Club in New York, and the Ad Council is arranging new sites for it this year.Mr. Tedder said all the proceeds — both to the band and to its record label, Interscope — from the first,000 downloads of the song on iTunes would go to Save the Children . According to Peggy Conlon, president and chief executive of the Ad Council, the song has been downloaded more than,000 times so far.Mr. Tedder, who has a young son, went to Guatemala after he wrote "Feel Again" to see firsthand how children lived there. "In many cases, the only thing that keeps these kids alive is these front-line health workers trained by Save the Children," he said.The campaign's Web site was introduced in August, and the Ad Council began distributing its ads in September. "The goal of the campaign is to create awareness and raise money," Mr. Lubars, the BBDO North America chairman, said. "We wanted to make it very personal, not negative, uplifting."Ms. Conlon said the intended audience for the campaign was "people who care about international childhood mortality, who are likely to be more involved with charitable work." She added that it was the first time the Ad Council had relied heavily on the contributions of a pop music group in the creation of a campaign.Mary Beth Powers, chief of Save the Children's newborn and child survival campaign, said Mr. Tedder's involvement "certainly brings new, younger audiences to the issue of child survival."She also said Save the Children hoped the new campaign would inspire Americans to tell elected officials that "they can't balance the budget " — which has in the past contained financing for foreign aid programs — "on the backs of women and children globally."
Steve Spurrier 's plan to use two quarterbacks in the Outback Bowl worked so well that Dylan Thompson and Connor Shaw earned game balls.Shaw began the Gamecocks' 33-28 victory over Michigan in Tampa, Fla., with a 56-yard touchdown pass to Damiere Byrd. Thompson finished it with a 32- yard scoring strike to Bruce Ellington in the final minute to help South Carolina (11-2) match the program record for victories in a season."I don't know if I've ever given two quarterbacks a game ball, but today I said, 'Hey, we've got to give them to both you guys,' " Spurrier said."There's no jealousy, nothing," he added. "Those guys are just really, really good teammates. We tried to tell Connor, 'It's your game.' And it was his game, but Dylan was going to play. He understood that. It worked beautifully, as it turned out."Thompson replaced Shaw during the winning drive, covering the final 43 yards after Shaw began the march from his 30 and kept it alive with a 6-yard completion to Ace Sanders on a fourth-and-3 play. Devin Gardner's third touchdown pass had given Michigan a 28-27 lead.Shaw threw for 227 yards and 2 touchdowns, Thompson for 117 yards and 2 scores.Gardner threw for 214 yards in his fifth start for Michigan (8-5) since Denard Robinson injured his right elbow late in the season. Robinson took some snaps at quarterback but lined up mostly at running back and rushed for 100 yards on 23 carries . He set an N.C.A.A. record for career yards rushing by a quarterback, raising his four-year total to,495 — 15 more than West Virginia's Pat White from 2005 to."I'd rather win the game," said Robinson. South Carolina defensive end Jadeveon Clowney, the Southeastern Conference defensive player of the year, was quiet for much of the day. But he shifted momentum in the fourth quarter with a big hit on running back Vincent Smith, causing a fumble that Clowney recovered to set up Shaw's touchdown pass to Sanders for a 27-22 lead. FLORIDA STATE, N. ILLINOIS 10 Florida State stuffed the Northern Illinois all-purpose threat Jordan Lynch for most of the night in Miami in the Orange Bowl.The senior fullback Lonnie Pryor, voted the game's outstanding player, ran for a career-high 134 yards and 2 scores in only five carries for Florida State . The senior E J Manuel threw for 291 yards .The victory was a consolation prize for the No. 13 Seminoles, who began the season with national championship hopes. Northern Illinois busted into the Bowl Championship Series on the strength of a 12- game winning streak, becoming the first team from the Mid-American Conference to play in one of college football's biggest bowl games .But even the Huskies acknowledged before kickoff that Florida State was unlike any opponent they've faced this season, and the Seminoles wasted little time showing that might be right.Pryor had a career-long 60- yard touchdown run to open the scoring for Florida State ; Pryor's run was more than twice as long as any other rushing play allowed by Northern Illinois this season. GEORGIA, NEBRASKA 31 Aaron Murray set a Georgia bowl record with five touchdown passes, including two in the fourth quarter, against the nation's top-ranked passing defense as the sixth-ranked Bulldogs beat No. 23 Nebraska in the Capital One Bowl in Orlando, Fla. Murray shook off two first-half interceptions, including one returned for a touchdown, and passed for 427 yards, also a Bulldogs bowl record. He was named the game's most valuable player ."I don't know what it's like to head into an off-season with a win," Murray said. "It's a great feeling to get a win. It's great for the seniors, who have meant so much to this team. They've done a great job of leading this team the whole season. Georgia (12-2) reached 12 wins for the third time, and Nebraska (10-4) lost its third straight bowl game . The Cornhuskers finished the season with two straight woeful defensive performances, having lost the Big Ten championship game to Wisconsin, 70-31.The Cornhuskers led, 24-23, at halftime but committed two of their three turnovers in the final 30 minutes . Nebraska Coach Bo Pelini said the efficiency of Murray and Georgia on third down (12 for 17) was too much to overcome.
In the generally upbeat annals of American military aviation, the plump, snub-nosed little fighter called the Brewster Buffalo stands out as a turkey .The plane had its day of ignominy in the epic Battle of Midway in June, when 19 Marine pilots valiantly engaged Japanese Zeroes in dogfights above Midway Atoll, a strategic speck some,300 miles northwest of Honolulu . Only five of the pilots and planes returned.In his action report, one of the survivors complained that "the Japanese Zero fighter can run circles around the F2A," the Brewster Buffalo model that had been handed down to the Marines by the Navy because its wheel struts broke during the hard landings on carriers ."It is my belief that any commander that orders pilots out for combat in a F2A-3 should consider the pilot as lost before leaving the ground," wrote Capt. P. R. White of the Marines.Intercepting the Japanese fleet farther out to sea, the American carriers with more advanced aircraft fared better. In a victory that historians call the turning point in the Pacific War, American forces sank four Japanese aircraft carriers while losing only one.But among the Marines, the Buffalo won a reputation as a flying coffin. It was soon replaced by more agile fighters and the aircraft, along with the heroism of its hapless pilots, became a largely forgotten footnote.Now, the discovery of the rare wreckage of a Brewster Buffalo in the Midway lagoon, in only 10 feet of water, has rekindled interest in the aircraft and a record that, with the passage of time, seems as colorful as tragic."This is a very rare aircraft and to find even the wreckage of one is an exciting discovery," said Hill Goodspeed, the historian at the National Naval Aviation Museum in Pensacola, Fla. "Midway is the site of one of the most famous battles in naval history."The exploration of the wreck is part of a broad federal effort to document and preserve the historical artifacts and biological wonders in 14 marine sanctuaries the United States has established since the 1970s, from the site of the Civil War ironclad Monitor in the Atlantic to the corals of the Florida Keys to the rich sea life and war relics of distant Pacific atolls."What we see underwater is really a huge museum of sorts," said James Delgado, director of maritime heritage with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, which oversees the sanctuary program. "This wreckage is part of a larger story, the story of that tiny atoll and its place in world history."Of hundreds of Brewster Buffalos produced, all at a former car factory in Queens, N.Y., only one largely intact plane survives, a modified model that was sold to the Finns, who used them in the 1940s with more success against Soviet invaders. That craft was fished out of a Russian lake in 1998 and acquired by the Pensacola museum, but is now on loan in Finland.The newly discovered wreckage was spotted in June by federal divers who were cleaning up garbage around Midway Atoll, which is part of the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument, a vast protected area covering the northwest string of the Hawaiian archipelago.The divers reported the intriguing sighting to Kelly Gleason, the monument's Honolulu -based chief of marine archaeology. This summer, she led a team that mapped and photographed the half-buried parts, including a bent propeller with a large coral head growing from its middle, tires with a Goodyear label intact and clusters of unspent ammunition.From the distinctive, notorious wheel struts, the nine- cylinder engine and other evidence, Ms. Gleason said, she identified the wreck as a Brewster Buffalo . From Marine records she discovered that in February, a few months before the climactic battle, a Lt. Charles W. Somers Jr. landed short of the runway when returning in a dark squall. The plane sank as Lieutenant Somers swam to safety.
SAFED, Israel — Among the rows of plants growing at a government -approved medical marijuana farm in the Galilee hills in northern Israel, one strain is said to have the strongest psychoactive effect of any cannabis in the world. Another, rich in anti-inflammatory properties, will not get you high at all.Marijuana is illegal in Israel, but farms like this one, at a secret location near the city of Safed, are at the cutting edge of the debate on the legality, benefits and risks of medicinal cannabis. Its staff members wear white lab coats, its growing facilities are fitted with state -of-the-art equipment for controlling light and humidity, and its grounds are protected by security cameras and guards.But in addition to the high-tech atmosphere, there is a spiritual one. The plantation, Israel's largest and most established medical marijuana farm — and now a thriving commercial enterprise — is imbued with a higher sense of purpose, reflected by the aura of Safed, an age-old center of Jewish mysticism, as well as by its name, Tikkun Olam, a reference to the Jewish concept of repairing or healing the world.There is an on-site synagogue in a trailer, a sweet aroma of freshly harvested cannabis that infuses the atmosphere and, halfway up a wooded hillside overlooking the farm, a blue-domed tomb of a rabbinic sage and his wife.In the United States, medical marijuana programs exist in 18 states but remain illegal under federal law . In Israel, the law defines marijuana as an illegal and dangerous drug, and there is still no legislation regulating its use for medicinal purposes.Yet Israel's Ministry of Health issues special licenses that allow thousands of patients to receive medical marijuana, and some government officials are now promoting the country's advances in the field as an example of its pioneering and innovation."I hope we will overcome the legal obstacles for Tikkun Olam and other companies," Yuli Edelstein, the minister of public diplomacy and diaspora affairs, told journalists during a recent government -sponsored tour of the farm, part of Israel's effort to brand itself as something beyond a conflict zone. In addition to helping the sick, he said, the effort "could be helpful for explaining what we are about in this country." Israelis have been at the vanguard of research into the medicinal properties of cannabis for decades.In the 1960s, Prof. Raphael Mechoulam and his colleague Yechiel Gaoni at the Weizmann Institute of Science isolated, analyzed and synthesized the main psychoactive ingredient in the cannabis plant, tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC. Later, Professor Mechoulam deciphered the cannabinoids native to the brain. Ruth Gallily, a professor emerita of immunology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, has studied another main constituent of cannabis — cannabidiol, or CBD — considered a powerful anti-inflammatory and anti-anxiety agent.When Zach Klein, a former filmmaker, made a documentary on medical marijuana that was broadcast on Israeli television in, about 400 Israelis were licensed to receive the substance. Today, the number has risen to about,000.Mr. Klein became devoted to the subject and went to work for Tikkun Olam in research and development . "Cannabis was used as medicine for centuries," he said. "Now science is telling us how it works." Israeli researchers say cannabis can be beneficial for a variety of illnesses and conditions, from helping cancer patients relieve pain and ease loss of appetite to improving the quality of life for people with post-traumatic stress disorder and neuropsychological conditions. The natural ingredients in the plant, they say, can help with digestive function, infections and recovery after a heart attack .The marijuana harvest, from plants that can grow over six feet tall, is processed into bags of flowers and ready-rolled cigarettes. There are also cannabis-laced cakes, cookies, candy, gum, honey, ointments and oil drops. The strain known as Eran Almog, which has the highest concentration of THC, is recommended for severe pain. Avidekel, a strain rich in CBD and with hardly any psychoactive ingredient, allows patients to benefit from the drug while being able to drive and to function at work.Working with Hebrew University researchers, the farm has also developed a version in capsule form, which would make exporting the drug more practical, should the law allow it.
Public officials have long urged makers of powerful painkillers to do more to make the medications harder to crush and abuse. But now that some companies have done so, they want something in return — a ban on generic versions of the drugs they make that do not have such tamper-resistant designs. In coming months, generic drug producers are expected to introduce cheaper versions of OxyContin and Opana, two long-acting narcotic painkillers, or opioids, that are widely abused.But in hopes of delaying the move to generics, the makers of the brand name drugs, Purdue Pharma and Endo Pharmaceuticals, have introduced versions that are more resistant to crushing or melting, techniques abusers use to release the pills' narcotic payloads.The two drug makers, which say they are motivated not by profit but by public safety, have also been waging a multifront political and legal war to block sales of generics that are not tamper-resistant.The companies argue that the older designs will feed street demand for strong painkillers, drugs that are involved in more than,000 overdose- related deaths a year. While some experts say the new tamper-resistant products are not a cure-all for the abuse problem, others say they represent an important step forward ."I think it would be a shame if the government would allow generics to come in without any tamper-resistant properties," said Dr. Lynn R. Webster, a specialist in Salt Lake City who has consulted with companies developing such safeguards. Over the last year, Purdue Pharma and Endo have backed legislation in Congress that would require many opioids to be tamper-resistant, and lobbied in favor of similar state laws.They have also urged the Food and Drug Administration to give their tamper-resistant designs a stamp of safety approval that other manufacturers would have to match. The agency does not currently differentiate between drugs that have abuse-resistant qualities and those that do not.Thus far, the companies' efforts have failed. In mid-December, a federal judge threw out a lawsuit by Endo that would have blocked the F.D.A. from allowing generic versions of its drug, Opana, to go on sale in January. A recent effort by some doctors and local officials in Canada to deter sales of generic versions of OxyContin there fell flat. While companies like Purdue Pharma insist the public's health is their main concern, others note that producers introduced tamper-resistant versions of their products just as the drugs were about to lose patent protection . In court papers filed in response to Endo's lawsuit, the F.D.A. described the company's action as a "thinly veiled attempt to maintain its market share and block generic competition."An F.D.A. official, Dr. Douglas C. Throckmorton, said the agency expected to issue guidance this month that would lay out the types of scientific data that drug producers would have to submit to support a claim that an opioid's design or formulation helped to deter its abuse. Companies are developing a variety of methods to do that. The new OxyContin pill turns into a gummy mass when an abuser crushes it, and the Opana pill is designed to break into large pieces when manipulated. Other methods include pills that contain a second drug reversing the opioid's narcotic effects if taken inappropriately."We understand the value in developing appropriate abuse-resistant technology and we want to find a way of incentivizing that," said Dr. Throckmorton, the F.D.A.'s deputy director for regulatory programs. "But we also understand the value of generics for patients."A study published in 2012 in a medical journal, The Journal of Pain, found that the percentage of people treated at drug-abuse clinics who reported abusing OxyContin fell significantly since the introduction of the tamper-resistant version.Some of those abusers said they had switched to other long-acting opioids that were easier to abuse like Opana — before its reformulation — or to illicit drugs like heroin, according to the study, which was financed by Purdue Pharma.But the generic versions of OxyContin and Opana are expected to be significantly cheaper than the tamper-resistant versions of those drugs. At time of introduction in late, the price of the new version of OxyContin was about $6 per 40 milligram tablet, the same then as the price that was not tamper-resistant. Since then, the price of the new version has risen to about.80 for that strength tablet . Opana costs about the same amount for a pill of the same pain-killing strength.For now, Purdue Pharma and Endo have not indicated that they plan to cut their prices to compete with the generics, meaning government, insurers and patients will pick up the extra costs . The price of generic versions of brand-name drugs typically falls quickly soon after a medicine loses its patent protection . "I think it is great that the industry is creating innovative strategies," said Dr. Daniel P. Alford, a professor at the Boston University School of Medicine . "But these drugs are expensive." Dr. Alford added that it was also unclear just how much the new tamper-resistant designs would reduce abuse, and he expressed concern that the labeling of any potentially dangerous drug as being safer could lead to problems.When the F.D.A. approved the original formulation of OxyContin in, the agency allowed its maker to claim that the drug's time-release formulation was "believed to reduce" its potential to be abused. That contention proved disastrously wrong, and experts like Dr. Alford said the F.D.A. needed to be cautious about permitting similar claims.Along with its lawsuit against the F.D.A., Endo has also been lobbying legislators in several states to introduce bills that would ban pharmacists from dispensing generic painkillers that are not tamper-resistant when a tamper-resistant version has been prescribed.Most of the bills have not succeeded, in part because pharmacists and others opposed them, saying the measures would keep cheaper generics out of the hands of patients who need them.Endo did succeed in getting a bill passed this year in Tennessee, but it only requires the state pharmacy board to compile a list of tamper-resistant drugs."There was a lot of pushback," said Glen Casada, a Tennessee state representative who helped sponsor a more restrictive bill that did not pass. "A lot of the pharmacists thought it was too much, too soon, too quick."
 SAN FRANCISCO — Silicon Valley lobbied hard in Washington in, and despite some friction with regulators, fared fairly well. In, though, government scrutiny is likely to grow. And with this scrutiny will come even greater efforts by the tech industry to press its case in the nation's capital and overseas.In, among other victories, the industry staved off calls for federal consumer privacy legislation and successfully pushed for a revamp of an obscure law that had placed strict privacy protections on Americans' video rental records. It also helped achieve a stalemate on a proposed global effort to let Web users limit behavioral tracking online, using Do Not Track browser settings.But this year is likely to put that issue in the spotlight again, and bring intense negotiations between industry and consumer rights groups over whether and how to allow consumers to limit tracking. Congress is likely to revisit online security legislation — meant to safeguard critical infrastructure from attack — that failed last year. And a looming question for Web giants will be who takes the reins of the Federal Trade Commission, the industry's main regulator, this year. David C. Vladeck, the director of the commission's Bureau of Consumer Protection, has resigned, and there have been suggestions that the chairman of the commission itself, Jon Leibowitz, will step down.The agency is investigating Google over possible antitrust violations and will subject Facebook to audits of its privacy policy for the next 20 years. Its next steps could serve as a bellwether of how aggressively the commission will take on Web companies in the second Obama administration ."Now that the election is over, Silicon Valley companies each are thinking through their strategy for the second Obama administration," said Peter Swire, a law professor at Ohio State University and a former White House privacy official. "The F.T.C. will have a new Democratic chairman. A priority for tech companies will be to discern the new chair's own priorities."In early, an unusual burst of lobbying by tech companies helped defeat antipiracy bills, which had been backed by the entertainment industry . Silicon Valley giants like Facebook and Google feared that the bills would force them to police the Internet .At the end of the year, Silicon Valley also got its way when the Obama administration stood up against a proposed global treaty that would have given government authorities greater control over the Web .The key to the industry's successes in 2012 was simple: it expanded its footprint in Washington just as Washington began to pay closer attention to how technology companies affect consumers . "Privacy and security became top- tier important policy issues in Washington in," said David A. Hoffman, director of security policy and global privacy officer at Intel."Industry has realized it is important to be engaged," he continued, "to make sure government stakeholders are fully informed and educated about the role that new technology plays and to make sure any action taken doesn't unnecessarily burden the innovation economy while still protecting individual trust in new technology."At the end of, tech companies were on track to have spent record amounts on lobbying for the year. In the first three quarters, they spent close to $100 million, which meant that they were likely to surpass the $127 million they spent on lobbying in, according to an analysis by the Center for Responsive Politics, a Washington -based nonpartisan group that tracks corporate spending . Even the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz hired a lobbyist in Washington : Adrian Fenty, a former mayor of the city.Technology executives and investors also made generous contributions in the 2012 presidential race, luring both President Obama and Mitt Romney to Northern California for fund-raisers and nudging them to speak out on issues like immigration overhaul and lower tax rates .In a blog post in November, the center said Silicon Valley's lobbying expenditures have ballooned in recent years, even as spending by other industries has fallen. Facebook more than doubled its lobbying outlay in the year, reporting close to.6 million through the third quarter of. Google spent more than any other company in the industry, doling out more than $13 million in the same period and more than double its nearest competitor, Microsoft, which spent just over.6 million in the same period.Among Google's advocates on Capitol Hill is a former Republican congresswoman, Susan Molinari, who heads Google's office in Washington . Google has particular reason to be engaged. It faces a wide-reaching antitrust investigation by the Federal Trade Commission, just as Microsoft did a decade ago . At issue is whether Google's search engine results favor Google products over its rivals'.Although the agency was ready to settle that case before the holidays, without harsh remedies, late last month it shelved the inquiry and put stronger penalties back in play. A resolution is expected in January.
PARIS — The actress Emmanuelle Riva, a symbol of the French New Wave and now an octogenarian, wasn't giving much thought to success or even finding a lead role in a film after her last one some 20 years ago . But when the Austrian director Michael Haneke, whose work she had long admired, offered her a starring part in "Amour," a poignant tale of love and death set in a book-filled Paris apartment, she said yes instantly."I immediately sensed that there was something extraordinary about the script," said Ms. Riva, 85. "I sensed it intimately, without the least vanity. I knew I could do it, I wanted to do it right away, and I lived through it with passion."Ms. Riva's subtle performance as a retired music teacher who falls into physical and mental decline after a stroke, putting enormous strain on her husband, played by Jean-Louis Trintignant, has been praised by critics all over the world. In The New York Times Manohla Dargis described her (and Mr. Trintignant, who is 82) as "subtly brilliant," while The Daily Telegraph called her "astonishing" and Le Monde wrote that she was "remarkable in her strength and stubbornness."In May Ms. Riva stood next to Mr. Haneke after the film won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival . It was the first of many honors, including a Golden Globe nomination for foreign-language film . Ms. Riva herself has collected three prizes, from the European Film Awards, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association and the Boston Society of Film Critics — quite a run, considering that she had last won a major film award for Georges Franju's 1962 "Thérèse."Though much has been made of the "Amour" stars' advanced years, in an interview at the Paris apartment where she has lived for almost 50 years, Ms. Riva did not want to talk about age, renaissance or fame; she bans words like "career" from her vocabulary. She still marvels at the most ordinary examples of life, including the pigeons that regularly stop at her window. Her home is an elaborate blend of past and present, with landscape paintings displayed among recent pictures of animals, including her cat, Titine, now dead.Ms. Riva has shorter hair than her character in the movie, but she has the same delicate reserve and softness in her eyes. She sat straight, even immobile, and moved from a room to another with an athletic grace unusual for a woman of her age.Though Ms. Riva has long been admired for her inimitable diction, allure and unassuming intelligence in portraying often dark and unconventional characters in New Wave classics like " Hiroshima Mon Amour," she said, "I've never wanted to be a star, never." She added: "I tried to do things that pleased me, and I needed to do various things. It is dreadful to see actors reproducing the same image constantly."Mr. Haneke's unusually tender yet unsentimental look at old age attracted her, she explained, and his straightforward view of decrepitude and death did not scare her, even when she was made up to appear older for the role."My instructions were 'no sentimentalism,' " she said. "From that moment on, I understood everything."She threw herself into the performance with more instinct than preparation, and the role, she said, "exorcised" her fears of death. Isabelle Huppert, who plays her daughter in "Amour," told her that in Mr. Haneke's movies, "the spectators are the ones who suffer, not the actors," and Ms. Riva said she agreed with that sentiment."The atmosphere was very solemn, very precise and very rigorous on the set," she added. "There wasn't any sadness; we were all together."Like many other actresses, she went through an audition for the role of Anne, the retired teacher. "Haneke told me that I was the one who had touched him the most," she said. "He even kindly told me later that I was the only actress in France who could do it."In an interview with The Times earlier this year, Mr. Haneke said, "As a young man, I'd been captivated by Emmanuelle Riva in 'Hiroshima Mon Amour' but after that I lost her from view." When it came time to cast "Amour," he said that at the auditions, "from the very beginning Emmanuelle Riva was my favorite, not only because she's a great actress but because she forms a very attractive and believable couple with Jean-Louis Trintignant."Ms. Riva was born Paulette Rivat in 1927 and grew up in Remiremont, a small village in eastern France. Her father worked as a painter for construction companies .As a child, Ms. Riva cherished "climbing on the trees of words" and performed in plays at the local theater. But life as an actress seemed unattainable for a "country girl," as she likes to call herself, from a family of modest means, so she quit school and worked as a seamstress for several years "while waiting for something else."After seeing an advertisement in a local paper, she applied to an acting school in Paris and landed her first role on the Paris stage in, in George Bernard Shaw's "Arms and the Man.""I wanted to live another life and many lives at once," she said. "Acting makes you live plenty of lives."
Cindi Leive, editor in chief of Glamour, was searching for the best way to draw readers' attention to an article in the November 2011 issue about how women could better organize their closets and bank accounts . "12 ways to get your act together" didn't have much punch. "12 ways to get your stuff together" also fell flat. So she decided to substitute "act" with a word unprintable here and waited for the angry letters to pour in. They never came."It appeared I was the last person on planet Earth to care about it," Ms. Leive said about the decision to put an expletive on a magazine cover. "It has not been an issue."The long-running debate in women's magazines — how frank can they be? — seems to have shifted, as editors throughout the industry are sprinkling more curse words on their covers and weaving expletives into the headlines and the copy between the photos of celebrities with flawless skin. For the September 2012 issue, Ms. Leive kept the title of the YouTube series by Graydon Sheppard and Kyle Humphrey about what "Girls Say" on the cover. The full title begins with a four-letter word; Ms. Leive used it, with an asterisk in place of one letter.In the November 2012 issue there was an article, with a headline that included a vulgar word, about workouts to improve the derrière; Ms. Leive kept that word off the cover, however, because she felt it was poor taste to place it next to an interview with President Obama ."The culture has changed, so we've changed," Ms. Leive said. "It's how our main staff, many who are under, talk. Certain words have gone from being shocking to being neutered."Other editors say that so far they have not received the complaints they expected from readers, nor have they seen a drop in sales because of language. They suspect that magazines are catching up with other media, where women have been using explicit language for years."Television is probably more accurate in reflecting how people are actually speaking right now," said Joanna Coles, the editor in chief of Cosmopolitan, who has deliberated when to use vulgar words in her current job and before that as editor in chief of Marie Claire.For many years women's magazines simply did not allow any strong language, said Bonnie Fuller, the former editor of Cosmopolitan and US Weekly. Now that Ms. Fuller edits the gossip Web site HollywoodLife.com, she is still pretty conservative. She allows certain words if they appear in a direct quotation and often substitutes an asterisk for a vowel. She said curse words didn't attract younger readers ."It's irrelevant to them," she said, adding that if the subjects of articles do curse, readers "don't want their quotes altered."Ms. Coles said that when she edited her first cover for Marie Claire in August, she included a headline about jeans that flattered a particular body part, using an explicit reference; readers quickly voiced their disapproval."A couple of people said to me, 'You can't use the word' " on the cover, Ms. Coles said. " 'Are you planning to cheapen things up? "Robin Lakoff, a linguistics professor at the University of California, Berkeley, said that women cursing had long been considered "dangerous," because these words "express anger and act as a substitute for a physical expression of anger." It's now more acceptable for women to curse, she added, and for men to express emotion, as President Obama did when he grew tearful when speaking about the Newtown school shootings ."Women can say bad words, in movies, cable TV and writing," Ms. Lakoff wrote in an e-mail. Men cannot only shed tears, she added, "but are celebrated for doing so."Attention-starved celebrities also seem to be latching on to this trend. Linda Wells, the editor in chief of Allure, said that she would not use curse words in an editor's letter or on a magazine cover. But she kept Lady Gaga's salty quotations about her new perfume — more precisely, about how she did not particularly care about perfume — in an interview in the December issue.Ms. Wells said in the case of Lady Gaga, "it's part of conveying a personality." She said that replacing expletives with asterisks would have drawn more attention to the language."What's funny is she's talking about fragrance, and they're usually so reverential," Ms. Wells said about celebrities and their perfume lines. "You feel like they're picking flowers in Grasse."
In terms of marketing tone, the commercial real estate industry has long played the quiet cousin to the brasher residential business . While apartments are routinely sold using splashy, multifaceted ad campaigns, commercial brokers and developers have favored lower-key, brochure-based approaches.But the two branches of the family may be growing closer. In recent months, the marketing teams for some New York office buildings have decided to get the word out by deploying the type of stylish Web sites once used only by luxury condominiums.Unlike the Web sites of office buildings past, which tended to be bare-bones and buried deep within a landlord's corporate home page, this new crop stands alone and crackles with animation, exuberant language and videos.And by publicizing details like where telecom cables enter the building, these sites add transparency to a business that can seem clubby and secretive."Lunches with brokers is an old-school way of getting your message out," said Grant Greenspan, a broker and principal at the Kaufman Organization, a landlord that has set up Web sites for two of its buildings, 100-104 Fifth Avenue and 550 Seventh Avenue . But, he added, "it's only as good as the group of brokers who you perceive to have the clients ."By introducing buildings to the public online to generate demand, Mr. Greenspan said, "you get clients going to their brokers and saying, 'Why aren't you showing me this building?' "The site for 100-104 Fifth Avenue, a pair of joined, early-20th-century buildings near Union Square that Kaufman co-owns with Invesco Real Estate, was also useful in chronicling the $15 million renovation that occurred after the development team bought the property out of bankruptcy in 2010 for $94 million .The renovation, which took two years, included adding a fire safety system and six elevators and redesigning a pair of lobbies. All of this is described in a colorful, animated timeline on the Web site, 100-104fifth.com, as are the specifics about those telecom cables.The Kaufman Organization credited the site with helping to fill the,000- square-foot building quickly. It is at 98 percent occupancy today, up from 60 percent when the landlord bought it.According to Mr. Greenspan, all six tenants signed there since 2010 said the site had played a major role in piquing their interest. Those tenants include Yelp, the online review business ; Apple's iAd, an advertising network ; and Net-a-Porter, a women's apparel retailer. They pay rents ranging from $45 to $60 per square foot, Kaufman said.Similarly, at 550 Seventh Avenue, which Kaufman recently began managing for Adler Group, a new Web site is being used to rebrand the 12- story building in the garment district, where fashion tenants have historically held sway.The Web site, 550seventhave.com, may surprise property owners who tend to be tight-lipped about their tenants. It shows the directory in the building's lobby, revealing that Lilly Pulitzer, Donna Karan International and Oscar de la Renta have offices inside.The site, introduced in October, is already paying off. An,000- square-foot space on the 10th floor is expected to be leased this month to a software company, Mr. Greenspan said, adding that the,000 cost of making both sites, plus the hours logged by a full-time worker, had been worth every penny.If Web sites "facilitate renting the spaces 60 or 90 days sooner, they make all the sense in the world," he said.Some major New York landlords, like the Chetrit Group, have no online presence. And even when Web sites do exist, they can be a bit stolid, offering little more than the year the building was completed, its architect and its total square footage, as with the General Motors Building, owned by Boston Properties. Brokers say that when a high-rise has existed for years and is one of Manhattan's prized addresses as well, it may not have to promote itself online .A new office building must do more, especially when it hasn't even come out of the ground yet. In those cases, a Web site is essential to allow tenants to visualize their future home, said Christopher V. Albanese, president of the Albanese Organization, a Long Island -based developer. These sites tend to be extremely eye-catching and could easily be mistaken for ones intended to sell multimillion-dollar condos.In November, the Albanese Organization unveiled 510w.com, for 510 West 22nd Street, a planned,000- square-foot office building in West Chelsea . The centerpiece of the artful Web site is a four-minute video narrated by the architect Rick Cook, which brims with dramatic music and soaring shots of the adjacent High Line.Creating such a Hollywood -caliber product, which includes renderings that normally would not have been commissioned, doubled the building's marketing budget — "but without it, tenants might think that this was just some ordinary building, and it really isn't," Mr. Albanese said.Also, financing for the $150 million project cannot be secured until the building is 30 percent leased, he said, making a dynamic marketing tool all the more important.Though online videos for commercial real estate are not widespread, they are gaining in popularity .The Web site for 7 Bryant Park, a 28-story office building that Hines is developing on Avenue of the Americas, features a two-minute video. A piano tinkles; the camera swoops.
If only he'd arrived a couple of centuries earlier, Bill Pullman might be considered, well, a little less odd.Instead, he lamented good-naturedly the other day, his life appears to be "a patchwork quilt of bizarre, disparate obsessions." An actor in more than 50 films, he has a fondness for trombones, vaudeville and things agricultural — like cattle, barns, tractors and, the subject of a lot of attention lately, his orchard."If I were born in the 1700s, I would look like a rounded man," he said in a phone interview from his dwelling in the Hollywood Hills, with its terraced grove of more than 100 varieties of fruit-bearing plants. "Jefferson defined a home as being a house and a garden. I think I was born out of my time."He considered for a moment. "Well, maybe the time is coming back to me."Or maybe it's already here. On Jan. 10 Mr. Pullman, 59, will tackle his first lead in a comedy series — and his second as commander in chief, after the 1996 film " Independence Day" — when he stars as President Dale Gilchrist in "1600 Penn" on NBC .On Jan. 17 he'll open the Sundance Film Festival as an American diplomat who re-enters the life of his estranged daughter for her wedding in Jordan in the drama "May in the Summer," starring Cherien Dabis, who wrote and directed it.But it's "The Fruit Hunters," Yung Chang's documentary about zealots pursuing the exotic and the succulent to the ends of the earth, that was giving Mr. Pullman pause. The movie, inspired by the 2008 book by Adam Leith Gollner, will have its American premiere at the Palm Springs International Film Festival on Friday."Who is the greatest actor in film right now?" Josh Gad, a creator and a star of "1600 Penn," recalled being asked by an acting teacher when he was a student at Carnegie Mellon University."And she said, 'Bill Pullman, because he has this unbelievable ability to swing the pendulum and capture the essence of humanity in every one of his roles,' " he said.That humanity may be captured nowhere quite as lucidly, or as self-consciously, as in "The Fruit Hunters," in which Mr. Pullman — gravelly voice and fathomless eyes on full display, along with a closetful of plaid shirts — holds his own among the cultivators, smugglers and epicures whose lustiest ardor seems reserved for a mouthful of flesh and juice.Here he is at a Florida auction, bidding hundreds of dollars for a plate of mangoes. There he is in Hawaii, bushwhacking through the jungle in search of ice cream bean and water apple and bilimbi."I know Bill Pullman as a veteran Hollywood actor, but I'm not sure that acting is really his main passion," Mr. Chang says in the voice-over.Mr. Pullman said: "I didn't bust him on that, but people are always touching different parts of the elephant, and they think they define the elephant. Some people think I'm obsessed with working with old tractors, others see that in my free time I'm putting on these vaudevilles, and Yung gets to think that I'm obsessed about fruit.""The thing about acting is it's the one that lets me get immersed in the other things," he added. "I always come back to acting."Mr. Chang's assumption is understandable. In, as he was pondering a way to translate into film Mr. Gollner's book — a paean to the world's myriad, frequently awe-inspiring fruits and those who have worshiped them — he read a New York Times profile that included a tour of Mr. Pullman's orchard."I immediately felt this punch in the gut that perhaps fate was calling," Mr. Chang said. "And Bill, without knowing anything about my background, invited us out to his home and asked us to stay with him for a week to find an angle in."The film shows Mr. Pullman toiling in his orchard and later in his kitchen as he gleefully concocts white sapote ice cream : "Get ready to have a taste sensation that I know you have never had before, chez Bill."That so much of his home — and himself — is on display has incited a bit of after-the-fact consternation."It's more about privacy," Mr. Pullman said. "I don't like this instinct of reality television to wear your lifestyle in public. I've really always loved the anonymity of things."Still, he was prepared to let down his guard for the sake of the Hollywood Orchard, a nonprofit, neighborhood-centric organization he helped found in 2011 that gleans unpicked fruit from trees to be donated to food pantries or processed at pop-up cooking facilities on the street."What is it Hemingway said?" Mr. Pullman asks in the film . " 'You can only love one woman and one piece of land truly in one lifetime.' "The woman is easy. The land is trickier. In the early 1990s, a decade after he stopped teaching theater at Montana State University, Mr. Pullman bought a ranch near Cardwell, Mont., and last summer presented a vaudeville show about the drought in a garage he'd transformed into a performance space, near a barn he'd converted into a house. It includes a suspended performance floor for his wife of 26 years, the dancer Tamara Hurwitz Pullman, with whom he has a daughter and two sons.In Hartsville, N.Y., a few miles from his hometown, Hornell, Mr. Pullman turned another barn into a community center, where he has hosted tractor square dancing, in which the machines do-si-do and promenade the way people would on foot. Banners symbolize solidarity: red for International Harvester, orange for Allis- Chalmers and green for John Deere."It was so gonzo," he said. "The men drove, and the women carried flags, and they looked like mighty Amazon goddesses coming in."Not far away is the site of Mr. Pullman's first orchard, planted when he was, a few years after his mother, a nurse, had her first psychiatric breakdown, and his father, a doctor, was dealing with problems of his own.An orchard meant serenity, he said. An orchard meant health.Late in "The Fruit Hunters," Mr. Pullman shakes a branch of one of the 18 trees there, "a zone that you could create and control, when everything else was out of control," he recalls. He picks up an apple, takes a bite and gazes heavenward."This is good," he says.
 WASHINGTON — Only the most affluent American households will pay higher income taxes this year under the terms of a deal that passed Congress on Tuesday, but most households will face higher payroll taxes because the deal does not extend a two-year-old tax break .The legislation, which was forged in the Senate and overcame resistance in the House late Tuesday will grant most Americans an instant reversal of the income tax increases that took effect with the arrival of the new year. Only about.7 percent of households will be subject to an income tax increase this year, according to the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan research group in Washington . The increases will apply almost exclusively to households making at least half a million dollars, the center estimated in an analysis published Tuesday .But lawmakers' decision not to reverse a scheduled increase in the payroll tax that finances Social Security, while widely expected, still means that about 77 percent of households will pay a larger share of income to the federal government this year, according to the center's analysis.The tax this year will increase by two percentage points, to.2 percent from.2 percent, on all earned income up to,700.Indeed, for most lower- and middle- income households, the payroll tax increase will most likely equal or exceed the value of the income tax savings . A household earning,000 in, roughly the national median, will avoid paying about,000 more in income taxes — but pay about,000 more in payroll taxes .Sabrina Garcia, a 35-year-old accounting assistant from Quincy, Mass., who together with her husband made about,000 last year, said the payroll tax increase equated to "about $200 a month for my family.""That's a lot of money for us," Ms. Garcia said. "It means we will have to cut back." She said in an e-mail exchange that she will most likely will postpone buying a new computer. "And forget about being able to save money," she added.The deal will impose larger tax increases on those who make the most. It will raise taxes in two ways: by restoring limits on the amount of income affluent Americans can shelter from federal taxation, and by returning to a top marginal tax rate of.6 percent. The current rate is 35 percent.For married couples filing jointly, the deduction limits apply to income above,000, while the top tax rate kicks in above,000. But both numbers are somewhat misleading, because " income " in this context is a technical term, referring only to the portion of income subject to taxation after exemptions and deductions.Few households with actual incomes of less than half a million dollars will face a tax increase . The Tax Policy Center calculated that less than 5 percent of families earning,000 to,000 will actually pay more.The size of those increases will be much smaller than President Obama originally proposed. The net effect, according to the center's estimates, is that the top 1 percent of households will see an average income tax increase this year of,000 rather than,000. "The high-income people really are doing very well in this compared to what the president wanted to do," said Roberton Williams, a senior fellow at the Tax Policy Center .The deal passed by the Senate and the House will impose fewer limits on deductions than the White House plan. It will also tax income from dividends at a flat rate of 20 percent, rather than the same marginal rate as earned income . And there is another important point, often misunderstood: Affluent households will pay the new.6 percent rate only on income above,000. They and everyone else will still will pay lower rates on income below that threshold.Households making,000 to $1 million will pay an additional,700 in taxes on average. Those making more than $1 million will pay an additional,000 on average.Changes in the estate tax will also benefit affluent families. The tax will not apply to the first $5 million of an inheritance, extending the current exclusion rather than reverting to the.5 million threshold that President Obama initially favored. However, wealth above that amount will be taxed at a rate of 40 percent rather than the previous rate of 35 percent.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. — Anyone who knows the history of this town would be surprised to find a fashionable coffee shop on Third Street, with dozens of people walking by. The lattes and chai teas are being sold on a Kendall Square site that had been empty for most of the last 40 years — since factories with names like American Rubber and the Badger Company were razed for a NASA facility that was never built.Instead, the land lay fallow for decades, even as spinoff companies from the adjacent Massachusetts Institute of Technology transformed the neighborhood into a major research hub.But now, this corner of Cambridge is at the center of a real estate boom ."You sit here and you'd never know there's a recession going on anywhere else in the country," Travis McCready, executive director of the Kendall Square Association, said over chai tea recently at Voltage Coffee & Art.Cranes are busy on eight separate construction sites in this area, and roughly two million square feet of space is being built or renovated or is under city review here. An additional.4 million new square feet is committed, and more is expected elsewhere in this city of,000, located directly across the Charles River from the city of Boston . If it all gets built, the new investment in Cambridge will come close to $2 billion."It's one of the hottest submarkets in the country," said Steven Purpura, managing partner of Richards Barry Joyce & Partners, a commercial real estate firm based in Boston . "Top two or three for sure."Most of that growth is connected to the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including new buildings for Pfizer and Novartis. Amazon just revealed plans to rent,000 square feet here; Google is expanding its footprint by,000 square feet ; and Microsoft, I.B.M. and Nokia are nearby. Pharmaceutical companies traditionally preferred suburban enclaves where they could protect their intellectual property in more secluded settings and meet their employees' needs.But in recent years, as the costs of drug development have soared and R.& D. pipelines slowed, pharmaceutical companies have looked elsewhere for innovation. Much of that novelty is now coming from biotechnology firms and major research universities like M.I.T. and Harvard, just two subway stops away."People are putting their pride away and working with who they need to work with," said George A. Scangos, chief executive of Biogen Idec .Mr. Scangos's company illustrates the trend. When he took the helm at Biogen in, his predecessor had just relocated the company's headquarters to the suburban town of Weston, leaving its scientists behind in Cambridge, a half-hour's drive away.Mr. Scangos thought the separation was bad for the company, but rather than move the scientists, he decided to bring the company back to town. Biogen is now the anchor tenant of a $500 million, 1.7- million - square-foot development being built by Alexandria Real Estate Equities, on the former urban renewal site. The rest of its,500 local employees will occupy a second building nearby also expected to be completed by late 2013 by Boston Properties."It's an amazing place to be," Mr. Scangos said. "The intellectual firepower that is in Cambridge, between Harvard and M.I.T. and the number of companies, is quite remarkable."Pfizer also chose Cambridge when it was looking to consolidate some of its research operations. In, the pharmaceutical giant announced it would move 400 research jobs to a new building on M.I.T.-owned land in Cambridge, even as it was closing facilities in Groton, Conn., and elsewhere. That $300 million, 180,000- square-foot building is expected to be completed later this year.Novartis, one of the first giant pharmaceutical companies to set up major operations in Cambridge, is adding two buildings to its campus on Massachusetts Avenue. They will occupy a combined,000 square feet at a cost of $600 million when they open in.And a fourth pharmaceutical company, Millennium: The Takeda Oncology Company, hopes to double its Cambridge footprint, occupying a,000- square-foot building proposed in Central Square, just down Massachusetts Avenue from M.I.T.Trends in philanthropy are helping Cambridge, as well. Large donations from private philanthropies helped build the $200 million David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research, completed last year on the M.I.T. campus, in addition to a second, 250,000- square-foot building for the Broad Institute, a genetics research institute spun off from Harvard and M.I.T. The Ragon Institute, a collaborative venture of M.I.T., Harvard and Massachusetts General Hospital to support AIDS vaccine research, will move into a nearby building now being renovated.Another boost is coming from area hospitals. Five Harvard-affiliated hospitals and Harvard Medical School are clustered in Boston's Longwood Medical Area. While that area is nearly built out, Kendall Square is one stop on the rail line from Mass General, the other Harvard-affiliated flagship hospital, providing easy collaboration.Mr. Scangos said he liked to look out his office window and see all his competitors . When he goes downstairs to lunch, he has choices now, beyond the food trucks and cafeterias that were the only options a few years ago .Although the closest drugstore and market are still a 20- minute walk away, that may change soon, too. Over the last seven years, 1,000 housing units have opened up in Kendall Square, adding to demand for such stores, Mr. McCready said. And last month, M.I.T. formally filed a rezoning petition with the city to turn 26 acres near its red line subway stop into a "gateway" for the campus, along with nearly 1 million square feet of office space and,000 square feet for housing units ."All in all, it's a pretty exciting time," said Robert Healy, Cambridge's city manager for more than three decades. "This is not the best of economic times . Yet there's still the faith being shown in Cambridge by virtue of what's in the ground and going up now."
 BAGHDAD — A populist Shiite leader in Iraq, Moktada al-Sadr, expressed support on Tuesday for fresh protests against Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, a fellow Shiite but his political opponent, saying that Mr. Maliki bears "full responsibility" for the unrest in the country.As with many developments in Iraq, the timing and venue of Mr. Sadr's comments to reporters were as notable as their meaning. He spoke in Najaf, one of the holiest cities of his Shiite sect, just as Iraq ended its bloodiest year since, a reflection of unabated ethnic, sectarian and political tensions among the country's Kurdish, Arab, Sunni and Shiite populations.Several times during the gathering, Mr. Sadr directed his remarks at Mr. Maliki, who has taken recent steps that suggested he was asserting greater control over many aspects of the government and that prompted fears he was cracking down on his political opponents . Mr. Sadr's remarks could indicate that he is trying to test the political waters or possible support from the street before Iraq's provincial elections, which are scheduled for the spring.Mr. Sadr also tried to assert broader credibility for the anti- Maliki protests by comparing them to the movements that have swept many Arab countries in the past few years, calling for new government leaders and better representation."The Iraqi spring is coming," Mr. Sadr said, in a tone that implied a warning to Mr. Maliki ."We are with the demonstrators, and Parliament must be with them, not against them," he said. "The legitimate demands of the demonstrators, by which people know what they want, should be met."Mr. Sadr was careful to appear moderate and to say he was speaking for all Iraqis in his remarks, which his media office distributed to journalists throughout the country. He said he supported the widespread demonstrations as long as they were peaceful and did not seek to create divisions, driving the last point home by adding that he was willing to go to Sunni-dominated Anbar Province to take part in protests . Demonstrations against Mr. Maliki's Shiite -dominated government erupted in Sunni areas last month in response to a raid by security forces on the office and home of the Sunni finance minister, Rafie al-Issawi. In one protest last week, tens of thousands of Sunni Muslims blocked Iraq's main trade route to neighboring Syria and Jordan, Reuters reported .Aside from reaction in the street, the raid had immediate political fallout . Mr. Issawi described it as a " pre-election blow" intended to weaken Mr. Maliki's rivals . Leaders from the Sunni-dominated bloc, Iraqiya, threatened to pull out of the government and called for a no-confidence vote on Mr. Maliki .Mr. Sadr's voice has now added his voice to the discord that has left the country in disarray a full year after the withdrawal of American forces left seemingly intractable problems among political factions and ethnic groups . Tensions between the Kurds in the north and the government in Baghdad, who were already at odds over sharing oil revenues, have risen as soldiers squared off with Kurdish militias after Mr. Maliki sought to consolidate his control over security in the north .Further political uncertainty occurred at the end of 2012 when the Kurdish president, Jalal Talabani, suffered a stroke and was flown to Germany for treatment. Sunni Arab and Kurdish officials have accused Mr. Maliki of trying to monopolize power before. In September, Tariq al-Hashimi, the vice president of Iraq and a prominent Sunni Muslim, was convicted of murder and sentenced to death in absentia on accusations that he oversaw death squads . Sunni supporters accused the Shiite-led government of trying to sideline them.The discord has translated into bloodshed . While attacks have not been as frequent or widespread as they were during the height of the insurgency, Iraqis marked the end of 2012 with a grim milestone. Iraq Body Count, a nonprofit group that tallies casualties, said Tuesday that civilian deaths from attacks in Iraq rose to at least,471 in 2012 from,136 in, the first annual rise since. Deaths during the final two weeks were still being tallied."Over all, 2012 has been more consistent with an entrenched conflict than with any transformation in the security situation for Iraqis in the first year since the formal withdrawal of U.S. troops," the group said.
 A century ago, Elsie Scheel was the perfect woman. So said a 1912 article in The New York Times about how Miss Scheel, 24, was chosen by the " medical examiner of the 400 'co-eds' " at Cornell University as a woman "whose very presence bespeaks perfect health."Miss Scheel, however, was hardly model-thin. At 5-foot-7 and 171 pounds, she would, by today's medical standards, be clearly overweight. (Her body mass index was; 25 to.9 is overweight.)But a new report suggests that Miss Scheel may have been onto something. The report on nearly three million people found that those whose B.M.I. ranked them as overweight had less risk of dying than people of normal weight. And while obese people had a greater mortality risk over all, those at the lowest obesity level (B.M.I. of 30 to.9) were not more likely to die than normal-weight people.The report, although not the first to suggest this relationship between B.M.I. and mortality, is by far the largest and most carefully done, analyzing nearly 100 studies, experts said.But don't scrap those New Year's weight-loss resolutions and start gorging on fried Belgian waffles or triple cheeseburgers.Experts not involved in the research said it suggested that overweight people need not panic unless they have other indicators of poor health and that depending on where fat is in the body, it might be protective or even nutritional for older or sicker people. But over all, piling on pounds and becoming more than slightly obese remains dangerous."We wouldn't want people to think, 'Well, I can take a pass and gain more weight,' " said Dr. George Blackburn, associate director of Harvard Medical School's nutrition division.Rather, he and others said, the report, in The Journal of the American Medical Association, suggests that B.M.I., a ratio of height to weight, should not be the only indicator of healthy weight." Body mass index is an imperfect measure of the risk of mortality," and factors like blood pressure, cholesterol and blood sugar must be considered, said Dr. Samuel Klein, director of the Center for Human Nutrition at Washington University School of Medicine in St . Louis.Dr. Steven Heymsfield, executive director of the Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Louisiana, who wrote an editorial accompanying the study, said that for overweight people, if indicators like cholesterol "are in the abnormal range, then that weight is affecting you," but that if indicators are normal, there's no reason to "go on a crash diet."Experts also said the data suggested that the definition of "normal" B.M.I., 18.5 to.9, should be revised, excluding its lowest weights, which might be too thin.The study did show that the two highest obesity categories (B.M.I. of 35 and up) are at high risk . "Once you have higher obesity, the fat's in the fire," Dr. Blackburn said.But experts also suggested that concepts of fat be refined."Fat per se is not as bad as we thought," said Dr. Kamyar Kalantar-Zadeh, professor of medicine and public health at the University of California, Irvine."What is bad is a type of fat that is inside your belly," he said. "Non-belly fat, underneath your skin in your thigh and your butt area — these are not necessarily bad."He added that, to a point, extra fat is accompanied by extra muscle, which can be healthy.Still, it is possible that overweight or somewhat obese people are less likely to die because they, or their doctors, have identified other conditions associated with weight gain, like high cholesterol or diabetes."You're more likely to be in your doctor's office and more likely to be treated," said Dr. Robert Eckel, a past president of the American Heart Association and a professor at University of Colorado .Some experts said fat could be protective in some cases, although that is unproven and debated. The study did find that people 65 and over had no greater mortality risk even at high obesity."There's something about extra body fat when you're older that is providing some reserve," Dr. Eckel said.And studies on specific illnesses, like heart and kidney disease, have found an "obesity paradox," that heavier patients are less likely to die.Still, death is not everything. Even if "being overweight doesn't increase your risk of dying," Dr. Klein said, it "does increase your risk of having diabetes" or other conditions.Ultimately, said the study's lead author, Katherine Flegal, a senior scientist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, "the best weight might depend on the situation you're in."Take the perfect woman, Elsie Scheel, in whose "physical makeup there is not a single defect," the Times article said.This woman who "has never been ill and doesn't know what fear is" loved sports and didn't consume candy, coffee or tea. But she also ate only three meals every two days, and loved beefsteak.Maybe such seeming contradictions made sense against the societal inconsistencies of that time. After all, her post-college plans involved tilling her father's farm, but "if she were a man, she would study mechanical engineering ."
MOSCOW — Shoppers who find that 250 stores aren't enough can go ice skating, watch movies or even ride a carousel, all under a single roof.While it sounds like the Mall of America, this mall is outside Moscow, not Minneapolis ."I feel like I'm in Disneyland," Vartyan E. Sarkisov, a shopper toting an Adidas bag, said recently while making the rounds of the Mega Belaya Dacha mall.Instead of bread lines, Russia is known these days for malls . They are booming businesses, drawing investments from sovereign wealth funds and Wall Street banks, most recently Morgan Stanley, which paid.1 billion a year ago for a single mall in St . Petersburg.One mall, called Vegas, rose out of a cucumber field on the edge of Moscow and became, its owners say, larger than the Mall of America if the American mall's seven-acre amusement park is not counted in the calculation of floor space.A few offramps away on the Moscow beltway, another mall scored a different kind of victory: the Mega Tyoply Stan shopping center drew 57 million visitors at its peak in, well ahead of the 40 million annual visits reported by the Mall of America.As American malls dodder into old age, gaptoothed with vacancies, Russia's shopping centers are just now blossoming into their boom years, nourished by oil exports that are lifting wages."It's 1982 all over again in Russia," said Lee Timmins, the country representative of Hines, a Texas -based real estate group that is opening three outlet malls in Russia, referring to the heyday of the American mall experience. Russians, he said, love malls .The mall boom illustrates an extraordinarily important theme in Russian economics these days. The growing crowds at malls, and the keen interest in Russian malls on the part of Wall Street banks, are signs that the emerging middle class that made up the street protests against Vladimir V. Putin in Moscow last winter is becoming a force in business as well as politics. Investors, who with money at stake are a bellwether of the new trends, are not waiting for the next round of protests ; they are already placing bets on the rise of a broad affluent class in Russia."Over the past 10 years, Russia has turned into a middle-class country," Charles Slater, a retail analyst at Cushman & Wakefield, a commercial real estate consulting firm, said in an interview. "What better to do than go to an enclosed, warm environment with many things on offer, whether that be bowling, cinema or food courts, things the customers have not been used to in the past?"Moscow now has 82 malls, including two of the largest in Europe, according to the International Council of Shopping Centers, a New York-based trade association . Both are owned by Ikea Shopping Centers Russia, the branch of the Swedish assemble-it-yourself furniture franchise that manages 14 malls here. In Russia, malls are still novel; the first Western-style suburban mall opened in. They are now changing hands as developers sell to institutional investors, like Morgan Stanley, shedding light for the first time on their eye-popping values.At the core of the attraction for investors is the rising disposable income of Russians, nudged along by policies favoring the middle class, lest their challenge to President Putin's rule intensify.Russia has a flat 13 percent income tax rate . Most Russians own their homes, a legacy of post-Soviet privatizations, and so pay no mortgage or rent. Health care is socialized.Not surprisingly, then, Russians have become fanatical shoppers . Russians spend 60 percent of their pretax income on retail purchases, a category that includes food, according to Jones Lang LaSalle, a real estate consulting firm . The country in second place in Europe is Sweden, where retailing accounts for 40 percent of total private spending . Germans, by comparison, spend 28 percent of their salaries shopping, according to Jones Lang LaSalle . Malls, where the secrets of Western capitalism were finally peeled open and laid bare, with fast food, clothes, ice rinks, electronics and appliances wherever the eye falls, have mesmerized shoppers here — much as they did in their early years in the United States, from the 1960s to the 1980s.Olga N. Zaitsova, 55, who was in the Mega Belaya Dacha mall with her granddaughter Anastasia, said she came every weekend, drawn by the warm play area for toddlers. "It's just not comfortable to be outside when it's so cold," she said.When she shops, she said, "now we buy things we want, not things we need."
At least 60 people were killed in Ivory Coast 's economic capital, Abidjan, as a New Year's fireworks celebration turned into a deadly stampede early on Tuesday.The panic struck as the crowd of thousands was leaving the sprawling stadium in the downtown Plateau neighborhood after the last fireworks had signaled the new year. In the crush, dozens were trampled underfoot, officials in Abidjan said Tuesday.Many were pushed into a small gully adjoining the Houphouët-Boigny stadium on the Boulevard de la République, in the heart of the city's compact central business district, then were crushed as the panicked crowd surged over them.Children seemed to be among the injured and dead: the state television station, RTI, showed images of wounded children in a city hospital, as well as pregnant women stretched on cots.Ivorian officials said Tuesday that they were baffled as to what set off the stampede but that it was being investigated."The precise circumstances of this tragic occurrence are being looked into by the security services," Interior Minister Hamed Bakayoko said on RTI. The station showed rescue workers carrying bodies through the streets and ambulances lined up in the darkness.Mr. Bakayoko told RTI that "the New Year's Eve celebrations brought many onto the streets of Plateau," and continued: "There were,000 people on the streets. They were going home, and there was a stampede."The head of the rescue services, Lt. Col. Issa Sakho, told an RTI reporter that the "flow of people created a great crush, and in the stampede there were people who were trampled, people who were suffocated." More than 200 were wounded, officials said.Careless police action could have incited the stampede, witnesses said. At the hospital in the city's adjoining Cocody neighborhood, one of the wounded — a young man who declined to give his name — said that the police had tried to disperse the crowd as it was leaving the stadium. That action provoked a mass panic, the young man said, and the crowd surged forward.The Ivorian police and security services, with a long record of brutality, are feared by the people of Abidjan, a sprawling city of some four million people. Arbitrary arrests, unpunished beatings and impromptu traffic stops, often to extort money, are not uncommon in the city's poorer neighborhoods.The police and security forces were the principal instruments in a campaign of repression that lasted months in 2010-11 by Laurent Gbagbo, a president who was ousted by rebel fighters and French forces after he failed to give up office after his electoral defeat. About,000 people were killed in the civil war precipitated by Mr. Gbagbo's refusal.The fireworks celebration, sponsored by the government of President Alassane Ouattara, was the second since Mr. Gbagbo's ouster . It was intended as another sign that Ivory Coast, with its surging economic growth and renewed foreign investment, had emerged from years of political crisis, repression and civil war .Social, ethnic and political tensions remain acute, however, with some observers warning that Mr. Ouattara has done too little to resolve problems left over from the Gbagbo years.
TUCSON — It was called the Masjid of Tucson, a mosque where Muslims could worship and study the Koran in the Arizona desert under the idiosyncratic tutelage of Rashad Khalifa, its founder. On Jan. 31, 1990, the mosque, at the intersection of Sixth and North Euclid, near the University of Arizona campus, became the scene of a murder investigation.Khalifa was found near the kitchen that morning, stabbed to death . It appeared to investigators that whoever had killed him had also tried to set fire to the body in an effort to destroy evidence.A Ph.D.-educated Egyptian -American, Khalifa had founded his masjid as part of a midlife revelation that he was a messenger of God. In practice and study, Khalifa's teachings about the Koran were infused with science, modernity and, more than anything, numerology. The number, he taught, was "the miracle's common denominator," a code that unlocked the Koran, like a secure password.Much of Islam teaches that the Prophet Muhammad was the last messenger of God, but Khalifa added himself to the list, getting his message out through books, videos and a newsletter called Muslim Perspective.His scholarship was curious to some and blasphemy to others. He began to receive threats against his life. Once he had been killed, conspiracy theories quickly circulated about who might have been responsible. Tucson investigators eventually came to focus on a local person of interest whose trail they soon lost.It was not until, when grant money from the Justice Department helped jump-start the city's backlog of cold- case homicide investigations, that new DNA tests of bloodstains from the crime scene led to the arrest of a man named Glen Francis, who was then living in Canada .As opening arguments in Francis's murder trial began on Dec. 11 in Pima County Superior Court here, Sam Khalifa, the son of the victim, sat in the mostly empty gallery. He is 49 now and drives a cab here. But at one time, he was the starting shortstop for the Pittsburgh Pirates .Despite his middle-age paunch and the fatigue he wears on his face, Khalifa still resembles the handsome, dark-featured 22-year-old on his 1986 baseball card . In the mid-1980s, Khalifa was the rare Muslim baseball player and, according to Major League Baseball, the very first son of an Egyptian to play in the big leagues . His boyhood narrative included a year spent playing on a makeshift sand field in Tripoli, Libya. The Arab world back story lent some flavor to his steady development from the minors to the major leagues . The Pirates drafted him in the first round in 1982 out of Tucson's Sahuaro High School . By, with Pittsburgh going through a series of shortstops, Khalifa replaced the injured Johnnie LeMaster in the starting lineup .In the end, Khalifa played parts of three seasons in Pittsburgh, but by the 1989 season, he found himself being moved around the infield at the Pirates' Class AAA affiliate in Buffalo, plagued by the sense that the organization had given up hope that he would ever be its everyday shortstop.One night during a trip, Khalifa missed a team bus and simply flew home. Five months later, his father was killed, upending his life further and dashing whatever thoughts he had of spring training with another team."I know Cal Ripken lost his father one year and he later joined his team, which is respectable, but it wasn't for me," Khalifa said during one of several recent conversations. "I think it would have been hard for me to focus on the game."It was also hard for Khalifa to focus on his father's murder, yet he could not help it. Over the next two decades, as the murder investigation went cold, Khalifa got a college degree, drove a cab, tried some sales jobs, tried to get over his anger. Then he went back to driving a cab.The night before the trial, Khalifa stood beside his taxi. He did not much seem to relish revisiting his playing days, good or bad, or whatever feelings are still attached to them. He tended to describe his abilities by playing them down. Nor did he welcome any newfound attention on those years now that the trial was finally happening.At one point, he said his big-league career should have lasted 5 or 10 years. It was one of the rare times the dreams of his athletic past broke through.
OUDOM XAI, Laos — Wang Quan, the new Chinese owner of a hotel in this farm town tucked into the tropical mountains of northern Laos, is hoping that the first of,000 Chinese workers will arrive here soon to start construction on a new railroad.The Chinese -financed railway is to snake its way through dozens of tunnels and bridges, eventually linking southern China to Bangkok, the capital of Thailand, and then on to the Bay of Bengal in Myanmar, significantly expanding China's already enormous trade with Southeast Asia .But Mr. Wang may have to wait a little longer to make his fortune from all the Chinese expected to descend on this obscure corner of Laos about 50 miles from the nearest border with China . Even though the project has run into some serious objections from international development organizations, most experts expect it to go ahead anyway. That is because China considers it vital to its strategy of pulling Southeast Asia closely into its orbit and providing Beijing with another route to transport oil from the Middle East .The crucial connection would run through Oudom Xai between Kunming, the capital of China's southern province of Yunnan, and the Laotian capital, Vientiane." China wants a fast-speed rail — Kunming to Vientiane," George Yeo, a former foreign minister of Singapore, said in a recent speech to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Business Club in Bangkok.Mr. Yeo, chairman of Kerry Logistics Network, a major Asian freight and distribution company, is considered one of the best-informed experts on the expansion of new Asia trading routes. "The big objective is Bangkok," he said. "It's a huge market, lots of opportunities. From there, Bangkok to Dawei in Myanmar — that will enable China to bypass the Malacca Straits," a potential choke point between the Indian Ocean and China's east coast .But China is not particularly interested in sharing much of the wealth the railroad would generate. Most of the benefits, critics say, would flow to China while most of the costs would be borne by the host nation. The price tag of the $7 billion, 260-mile rail project, which Laos will borrow from China, is nearly equal to the tiny $8 billion in annual economic activity in Laos, which lacks even a rudimentary railroad and whose rutted road system is largely a leftover from the French colonial era .In mid-November, when Prime Minister Wen Jiabao of China visited Vientiane for a summit meeting of European and Asian leaders, he was expected to attend a groundbreaking for the railroad. The ceremony did not take place.An assessment of the rail project by a consultant for the United Nations Development Program said the terms of the financing offered by China's Export-Import Bank were so onerous they put Laos's "macroeconomic stability in danger." At the same time, construction through northern Laos would turn the countryside into "a waste dump," the consultant's report said. "An expensive mistake" if signed under the terms offered, the report concluded . As collateral for the loan, Laos was bound to provide China with minerals, including potash and copper.Other international donors echoed the findings. "Partners, including the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, expressed concern, and the International Monetary Fund was here and said, 'You have to be very careful,' " said an Asian diplomat briefed on the reservations expressed to the Laotian government .Nonetheless, the National Assembly has approved the project as part of a much broader trans-Asian rail agreement signed by nearly 20 Asian countries in. While the workings of the Communist Party that runs Laos are extremely opaque, diplomats here said, the project is most strongly backed by the pro- China deputy prime minister, Somsavat Lengsavad. Efforts to interview Mr. Somsavat were unsuccessful.China's exploding trade with Southeast Asia reached nearly $370 billion in, double that of the United States in the same year. By, when the Southeast Asian countries aim to have completed an economic community, China projects that its trade with the region will equal about $500 billion.
 WASHINGTON — For President Obama, the fiscal deal passed by Congress on Tuesday finally ends four years of debate with Republicans about raising tax rates on the wealthy. But it seemed to reopen a debate within his party about the nature of his leadership and his skills as a negotiator.While Mr. Obama got most of what he sought in the agreement, he found himself under withering criticism from some in his liberal base who accused him of caving in to Republicans by not taxing the rich more. Just as Speaker John A. Boehner has been under pressure from his right, Mr. Obama faces a virtual Tea Party of the left that sees his compromise as capitulation.The main difference is that in the Obama era, the Democratic establishment has been less influenced, or intimidated, by the left than the Republican establishment has been by the right. Liberals have not mounted sustained primary challenges to take out wayward incumbents the way conservatives have. All but three Democrats voting in the Senate and 16 in the House supported the compromise on Tuesday, even as most House Republicans balked, giving Mr. Obama more room to operate than Mr. Boehner .But the wave of grievance from liberal activists, labor leaders and economists suggested that the uneasy truce between Mr. Obama and his base that held through the campaign season had expired now that there was no longer a threat of a Mitt Romney victory. It also offered a harbinger of the president's next four years.The criticism has irritated the White House, which argued that Mr. Obama held true to principle by forcing Republicans to raise income tax rates on the wealthy and extend unemployment benefits and targeted tax credits . Mr. Obama also quashed Republican demands to trim the growth of entitlement benefits . Aides dismissed armchair criticism from those who have never had to negotiate with intractable opposition ."There's some frustration that over time you would think everybody would have a better understanding of the parameters of this," said Robert Gibbs, a longtime adviser to Mr. Obama who once called such critics "the professional left." "But he understands now probably better than at any other point in his presidency what it means to be a leader, what it means to have to do things that are good not just for one party but good for the country."The criticism from the left mirrors past complaints when Mr. Obama included tax cuts in his stimulus package, gave up on a government -run option in health care negotiations and temporarily extended Bush-era tax cuts for the wealthy two years ago . Liberals said Mr. Obama should have capitalized on his re- election victory and the expiration on New Year's Day of all of the Bush tax cuts to force Republicans to accept his terms."The president remains clueless about how to use leverage in a negotiation," said Adam Green, a co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, a liberal advocacy organization . " Republicans publicly admitted they lost the tax debate and would be forced to cave, yet the president just kept giving stuff away."Robert B. Reich, the former labor secretary, said that Mr. Obama "has stiffened his tactical resolve" but that "he's still the same President Obama who wants a deal above all else and seems willing to compromise on even the most basic principle."Richard L. Trumka, the president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O., said in a Twitter message on Monday that the agreement was "not a good fiscal cliff deal if it gives more tax cuts to 2 percent." Senator Tom Harkin, Democrat of Iowa, said on the floor on Monday that "this looks like a very bad deal."Still, most Democratic lawmakers accepted it, however reluctantly, concluding that voting against it could cause greater economic disruption . Many liberals grew more comfortable once they learned more about the deal, and the revolt on Tuesday by House Republicans seemed to rally them behind the plan and against a common adversary. Mr. Trumka released a new statement hailing elements of the deal, while blaming " Republican hostage taking " for its flaws.Mr. Obama succeeded in forcing Senate Republicans to raise the top income tax rate to.6 percent from 35 percent despite their adamant opposition, although he agreed to apply that to household income above,000, instead of,000. He also won an increase in taxes on wealthy estates to 40 percent from 35 percent, though it was not as high as liberals wanted.The bill will extend unemployment benefits for two million Americans; renew tax credits for child care, college tuition and renewable energy production ; raise capital gains taxes ; and phase out deductions for the wealthy. Mr. Obama also insisted that a two-month postponement of automatic spending cuts be financed by $1 in tax revenue for every $1 in spending reductions ."When the dust settles, there will be a lot of important elements in this for progressives," Mr. Gibbs said. The deal can be evaluated only in combination with the result of the next fiscal talks, to be concluded by the end of February, he said, adding, "We won't know the final score on that until you look at both of those negotiations together."Defenders of the White House said it was ludicrous to expect that the president would not have to compromise, given that Republicans control the House and have enough votes in the Senate to filibuster a bill. Without an agreement, economists warned that the country would have been pushed back into recession .Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, said Mr. Obama had secured important victories like the one on unemployment benefits and stood firm against paring entitlement benefits . "The president was strong there," he told CNN . "And I think he'll continue to be strong. I think, you know, I notice a different president since he won this election ."Jared Bernstein, a former economics adviser to Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr ., said Mr. Obama had done what he thought he had to, but he expressed concern that the president might have squandered leverage unless he holds firm in the debate over the debt ceiling . Republicans want to use a vote to raise the ceiling to force Mr. Obama to accept deeper spending cuts, but the president has vowed not to negotiate over the borrowing limit."While some appear to think his team folded in the cliff debate, I don't see it that way," Mr. Bernstein said. "They saw a plausible path forward, and they took it. My point is it's only plausible if they really don't get derailed on the debt ceiling debate."
What did happen to Elsie Scheel, the "perfect" woman mentioned in an article in Wednesday's New York Times that described how people considered overweight had a slightly lower risk of dying than those of normal weight? A century ago, at age, Miss Scheel was the subject of a spate of news media coverage after the " medical examiner of the 400 'co-eds' " at her college, Cornell University, described her as the epitome of "perfect health," according to a 1912 New York Times article. That article and others also gave her dimensions: 5-foot-7 and 171 pounds, which would have corresponded to a body mass index of, putting Miss Scheel in the overweight category. Miss Scheel, it turns out, lived a long life, dying in 1979 in St . Cloud, Fla., three days shy of her 91 st birthday .But though it may be tempting to conclude that Miss Scheel's longevity exemplifies the benefits of a not-too-low B.M.I, her case is only one anecdote, of course. And, according to family members and to hints provided in early articles, she was a person who valued being active and athletic, had a strong and confident attitude, and, as a daughter of a doctor and a mother of a doctor, may have been steeped in healthy habits that were much more relevant to her survival than her weight."She never took an aspirin or a Tylenol," a granddaughter, Karen Hirsh Meredith, of Broken Arrow, Okla., said in an interview Wednesday. She kept up hobbies like stamp collecting and wrote pieces for the St . Cloud newspaper. And, Ms. Meredith said, "she was still driving late in life."Ms. Meredith said she did not recall her grandmother having any illnesses or being hospitalized except for shortly before she died, when she went into the hospital with stomach pain. She ended up having surgery for a perforated bowel and died the next day, Ms. Meredith said.A death notice said Miss Scheel, who was Mrs. Hirsh when she died, had been a "practical nurse," although Ms. Meredith said the family believed she did not work after she had children. In 1918 she married Frederick Rudolph Hirsh, an architect who supervised the building of the New York Public Library and who was a widower with two children, Frederick Jr. and Mary. He died in 1933 at, leaving his wife to raise a son, John, and a daughter, Elise. She moved to Florida from Mount Vernon, N.Y., in the 1940s and never remarried.Miss Scheel's mother, Sophie Bade Scheel, a physician educated at New York Medical College, maintained an active medical practice at a time when relatively few women did. And Miss Scheel may have benefited from good genes: her three siblings were, 88 and 93 when they died.Published reports from 1912 and 1913 provide glimpses of the type of person Miss Scheel was and of her immediate-post-"perfect" experience.She participated in many sports, playing basketball at Cornell. "I play a guard, where my weight helps," she told a newspaper. She was a suffragette and, the Times article said, "doesn't know what fear is."She ate only three meals every two days, loved beefsteak and shunned candy and caffeine. An article in The Oregonian asked her about her advice for healthy living, reporting that "Miss Scheel feels that the average girl does too much of the wrong sort of thing — too many dances and not enough good bracing tramps. I just got back from a 25-mile tramp to Enfield Falls."Some of the news media coverage was catty, even brutal. And it was extremely detailed. Her particulars — the size of her chest, waist and hips — were compared to the Venus de Milo.A day after the Times article, The New York Herald ran a story about Miss Scheel above the fold on its front page: "Brooklyn Venus Much Too Large is Verdict of Physical Culturists." These "physical culturists" claimed that Miss Scheel's weight and height "cannot be reconciled with the accepted ideal of female beauty."
With the House of Representatives approval of a fiscal agreement late Tuesday, investors were expecting a rally in the markets to start the New Year. But the surge was not expected to last long, with investors and economists quickly shifting their focus to several hurdles the economy faces in the coming months ."We could see an early lift in the markets because of relief the deal went through," said Gary Thayer, the chief macro strategist at Wells Fargo Advisors . "The response may be muted because the deal left out many long-term issues." Market strategists were forecasting that even the deal approved by the Senate early Tuesday and by the House late Tuesday  night would reduce economic growth by as much as 1 percent in the first quarter of. Much of this would come from a rise in payroll taxes on incomes under,700 that would affect about 77 percent of American households .Then there are the fiscal disagreements that Congress did not try to address in its negotiations this week. Spending cuts of $110 billion were delayed for two months, and politicians have not come up with a long-term solution that would allow the government to get past the borrowing limits reached at the end of the year — known as the debt ceiling ."We keep stumbling from patchwork solution to patchwork solution, without getting us to the longer term solutions we need," said Michael Gapen, the head of economic research for the United States at Barclays .Technically, the country went over the so-called fiscal cliff on Tuesday, when markets were closed for the holiday. But the compromise reached later Tuesday should retroactively cancel the tax increases that began.American stock indexes saw their biggest jump in over a month on Monday in anticipation of a deal moving swiftly through Congress . In early trading on Wednesday, leading indexes rose.6 percent in Hong Kong and.2 percent in Australia."If Congress just comes close to their most modest expectations, investors tend to cheer that," said Ed Yardeni, the founder of Yardeni Research. "A lot of investors are suffering from battered investor syndrome."Many economists say that if politicians are ultimately able to reach a more lasting budget agreement, it could allow the focus to turn to signs of improvement in both the United States and global economies . Asian markets have been propelled higher in recent days by data showing that China's manufacturing sector was continuing to expand. In the United States, housing prices have been moving higher and unemployment rates lower.This has led many economists to forecast stronger growth for the second half of 2013 — around.5 percent — but only after the weight of the tax increases and budgetary debates are out of the way. In the last few weeks, signs of economic strength have allowed investors to respond with a bit of a shrug to the impasse in Washington . The benchmark Standard & Poor's 500- stock index ended the month of December up, and finished the year.4 percent higher.Many investors are also likely to be happy with the portions of the Congressional agreement that deal with tax rates on dividends, which are now set to rise to 20 percent from 15 percent, less than President Obama had proposed. This could produce some demand for dividend-paying stocks, particularly given then the rates will be put in place permanently. Congress also surprised some economists by agreeing to extend unemployment benefits for more than 2 million people, and by making changes to the Alternative Minimum Tax that will avert higher tax bills for middle- income households .But, as expected, Congress decided to allow the payroll tax to rise to.2 percent from.2 percent. That is likely to immediately crimp the spending power of American consumers, and take about $120 billion out of the economy in.In the longer term, investor uncertainty heading into the new year underscored the degree to which Wall Street has become consumed by a seemingly never ending series of battles in Washington, in which one budget dispute bleeds into another.The most severe crisis came in the summer of, the last time the government reached its borrowing limit. Congress ultimately came up with a solution that allowed the government to continue taking on more debt, but only by pushing off the hardest decisions to the end of. The Senate and House votes on Tuesday night put off many of those same decisions until March. At that point, the Treasury Department says it will no longer be able to use extraordinary measures to borrow enough money to operate the government .The compromise this week also delayed $110 billion in cuts to the defense budget and other government programs until March. If there is no further agreement at that point, those cuts will begin to be phased in, amounting to another hit to the economy .Even if the debt ceiling and budget cuts are resolved in March, politicians could put off again any long-term answer to the ballooning government deficit and debt problems that are most worrisome to many economists."The markets are very quickly going to appreciate that this does not remove this cloud of fiscal uncertainty, it just briefly defers it," said Ian Shepherdson, the chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomic Advisors. "I can see no reason that debate should be less divisive than the debate we've just had."
 WASHINGTON — Ending a climactic fiscal showdown in the final hours of the 112th Congress, the House late Tuesday passed and sent to President Obama legislation to avert big income tax increases on most Americans and prevent large cuts in spending for the Pentagon and other government programs .The measure, brought to the House floor less than 24 hours after its passage in the Senate, was approved 257 to, with 85 Republicans joining 172 Democrats in voting to allow income taxes to rise for the first time in two decades, in this case for the highest-earning Americans. Voting no were 151 Republicans and 16 Democrats .The bill was expected to be signed quickly by Mr. Obama, who won re- election on a promise to increase taxes on the wealthy.Mr. Obama strode into the White House briefing room shortly after the vote, less to hail the end of the fiscal crisis than to lay out a marker for the next one. "The one thing that I think, hopefully, the new year will focus on," he said, "is seeing if we can put a package like this together with a little bit less drama, a little less brinkmanship, and not scare the heck out of folks quite as much."In approving the measure after days of legislative intrigue, Congress concluded its final and most pitched fight over fiscal policy, the culmination of two years of battles over taxes, the federal debt, spending and what to do to slow the growth in popular social programs like Medicare .The decision by Republican leaders to allow the vote came despite widespread scorn among House Republicans for the bill, passed overwhelmingly by the Senate in the early hours of New Year's Day. They were unhappy that it did not include significant spending cuts in health and other social programs, which they say are essential to any long-term solution to the nation's debt . Democrats, while hardly placated by the compromise, celebrated Mr. Obama's nominal victory in his final showdown with House Republicans in the 112th Congress, who began their term emboldened by scores of new, conservative members whose reach to the right ultimately tipped them over."The American people are the real winners tonight," Representative Bill Pascrell Jr., Democrat of New Jersey, said on the House floor, "not anyone who navigates these halls."Not a single leader among House Republicans came to the floor to speak in favor of the bill, though Speaker John A. Boehner, who rarely takes part in roll calls, voted in favor . Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia, the majority leader, and Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the No. 3 Republican, voted no. Representative Paul D . Ryan, the budget chairman who was the Republican vice-presidential candidate, supported the bill.Despite the party divisions, many Republicans in their remarks characterized the measure, which allows taxes to go up on household income over,000 for individuals and,000 for couples but makes permanent tax cuts for income below that level, as a victory of sorts, even as so many of them declined to vote for it."After more than a decade of criticizing these tax cuts," said Representative Dave Camp of Michigan, " Democrats are finally joining Republicans in making them permanent. Republicans and the American people are getting something really important, permanent tax relief ."The dynamic with the House was a near replay of a fight at the end of 2011 over a payroll tax break extension. In that showdown, Senate Democrats and Republicans passed legislation, and while House Republicans fulminated, they were eventually forced to swallow it.On Tuesday, as they got a detailed look at the Senate's fiscal legislation, House Republicans ranging from Midwest pragmatists to Tea Party -blessed conservatives voiced serious reservations about the measure, emerging from a lunchtime New Year's Day meeting with their leaders, eyes flashing and faces grim, insisting they would not accept a bill without substantial savings from cuts.The unrest reached to the highest levels as Mr. Cantor told members in a closed-door meeting in the basement of the Capitol that he could not support the legislation in its current form .Mr. Boehner, who faces a re- election vote on his post on Thursday when the 113th Congress convenes, had grave concerns as well, but he had pledged to allow the House to consider any legislation that cleared the Senate . And he was not eager to have such a major piece of legislation pass with mainly opposition votes, and the outcome could be seen as undermining his authority .Adding to the pressure on the House, the fiscal agreement was reached by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Senate Republican leader, and had deep Republican support in the Senate, isolating the House Republicans in their opposition . Some of the Senate Republicans who backed the bill are staunch conservatives, like Senators Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania and Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, with deep credibility among House Republicans .
 CHICAGO — This city's 471 st homicide of 2012 happened in the middle of the day, in the middle of a crowd, on the steps of the church where the victim of homicide 463 was being eulogized. Sherman Miller, who was, collapsed amid gunfire not far from the idling hearse that was there to carry away James Holman, 32, shot to death a week earlier.The funeral shooting at St . Columbanus Catholic Church on the South Side left neighbors fretting that no place, not even a church, felt safe any longer. "It's become the Wild Wild West," said Charles Childs Jr., who had watched from across the street as mourners screamed and scattered.The shooting, on Nov. 26, was one more jarring reminder of just how common killings seem to have grown on the streets of Chicago, the nation's third-largest city, where 506 homicides were reported in, a 16 percent increase over the year before, even as the number of killings remained relatively steady or dropped in some cities, including New York.But the overall rise in killings here blurs another truth: the homicides, most of which the authorities described as gang-against-gang shootings, have not been spread evenly across this city. Instead, they have mostly taken place in neighborhoods west and south of Chicago's gleaming downtown towers.Already, 2013 began with three gun homicides on New Year's Day, two of them on the South Side. Like other cities, Chicago has long been a segregated place, richer and whiter on the North Side, and the city's troubling increase in killings has accentuated a longstanding divide."It's two different Chicagos," said the Rev. Corey B. Brooks Sr., the pastor of New Beginnings Church on the South Side, who had led the funeral service for Mr. Holman the day shots rang out, then found himself leading Mr. Miller's funeral service a week later. The authorities here have described both shootings as gang related . "If something like that had happened at the big cathedral in downtown Chicago or up north at a predominantly white church, it would still be on the news right now, it would be such a major thing going on."More than 80 percent of the city's homicides took place last year in only about half of Chicago's 23 police districts, largely on the city's South and West Sides. The police district that includes parts of the business district downtown reported no killings at all. And while at least one police district on the city's northern edge saw a significant increase in the rate of killings, the total number there still was dwarfed by deaths in districts on the other sides of town, and particularly in certain neighborhoods.Along the streets downtown and in neighborhoods on the North Side not far from Lake Michigan, some residents acknowledged that they had heard about a rise in the city's homicide rate, but said it had not affected their own sense of safety. "This area is a bit of a Garden of Eden," said Gwen Sylvain, as she walked dogs along a residential street not far from the Loop.Others said they rarely had reason to go to the Chicago's South or West Sides, only a few miles away, and some longtime residents said they had never once ventured to such neighborhoods. Police business on the North Side rarely seems to rise beyond an overly enthusiastic Cubs fan or a parking quibble, said Kyong Lee, who said that in the past he had, without consequence, forgotten to lock up his family's shoe repair business .In Back of the Yards, a South Side neighborhood near the city's old meatpacking district, the tenor was far different. Mothers spoke of keeping their children inside from the moment school ended, and businessmen of decisions to lock the front doors of their shops during business hours. "I don't go out at night," said Jesse Martinez, who recalled the gun pressed to his head as he was robbed a few years ago inside the hat and boot store he has run for 32 years.Over all, crime in Chicago dropped 9 percent in 2012 from the year before in what city officials say was the largest decrease in 30 years. Among crimes that saw dips last year: rape, robbery and car theft. With the city's longtime gangs splintering into factions and increasing problems with retaliatory violence, homicides rose suddenly in the first three months of the year — running some 60 percent ahead of the year earlier — creating a pace that slowed significantly as the year went on.
 OKLAHOMA CITY — A smile crossed Deron Williams's face late Wednesday, a new, joyful look to usher in a new calendar year, along with what appeared to be an entirely new Nets team.The Nets hustled, passed with a purpose, defended with pride, skipped happily around the court and hit shots from various places and angles. Their offense flowed, their defense held and everyone looked a little livelier in a 110-93 rout of the Oklahoma City Thunder at Chesapeake Energy Arena.They roared to an early 23-point lead, absorbed the Thunder's furious fourth-quarter rally and — after allowing a momentary tie — closed the game with an authoritative 25-8 run.This was not the Nets team that lost 11 of 16 games in December or the one that was humiliated on both Christmas Day and New Year's Eve . This was a fluid, confident group, powering past the defending Western Conference champions, in a building where the Nets had never won, and just two days after a calamitous defeat in San Antonio .No pure basketball explanations would suffice, so Williams just grinned and pointed to the calendar."It's a new year," he said, beaming. "It's."This was, to be certain, the Nets' biggest victory of the season. They beat the Thunder for the first time in eight tries, won in Oklahoma City for the first time, period, and ended the Thunder's 12- game home winning streak, dealing them just their third loss here this season. Joe Johnson powered the offense with 33 points and an efficient 11-for-19 shooting performance. Brook Lopez added 25 points while fighting through the N.B.A.'s best defensive front line. Williams was masterful as both a passer (13 assists) and scorer (19 points, showing a renewed bounce in his step. He looked neither injured nor uncomfortable nor lacking confidence as he led the Nets (17-15) to their first victory over a winning team since November."Hopefully, we just can realize that this is how we can play, every night, and how we should play," said Williams, who also had a season-high five steals.The victory gave P. J. Carlesimo a 3-1 record as the Nets' interim coach, and a victory over the team that fired him just 13 games into the 2008 season."What I said to them is, We've set the bar a little bit high," Carlesimo said. "We showed ourselves what we're capable of doing."Along the way, the Nets — with the assistance of the officials — flustered Kevin Durant into the first ejection of his six-year career, with:57 left to play and the Thunder trailing by 14 points. Durant finished with 27 points, 5 rebounds and 5 assists, but he earned two quick technical fouls for barking at the official Danny Crawford."I said it was a bad call," Durant said. "They got a quick trigger now on techs."The Thunder tied the game only once in the second half, at 85-85 with just over seven minutes to play. Johnson, Williams and Lopez combined for the final push that put the game away. Russell Westbrook had 26 points and 10 assists for the Thunder .Even in a tight fourth quarter, the Nets seemed looser: witness Williams and Keith Bogans laughing as they walked into a timeout after Bogans shot an air ball from the arc.The Nets had a 16-point lead at halftime. As one would expect, the Thunder came roaring back in the third quarter. Durant and Westbrook fueled a 21-8 run with a combination of 3-pointers and electrifying fast-break dunks, cutting the Nets' lead to."We kept our composure," Johnson said. "Things didn't look so bright and we still was a confident group out there."Lopez answered with two quick baskets as the Nets momentarily held off the charge. They closed the third with a 76-72 lead and with Carlesimo bellowing angrily at Kris Humphries for a poor pass that prevented another Nets score before the buzzer. Gerald Wallace returned to the lineup after a one-game absence and spent most of his night wrestling with Durant, doing his best to throw him off rhythm, if that is even possible.Durant mostly had his way although, incredibly, he did not attempt a free throw until the:06 mark of the third quarter. Thunder Coach Scott Brooks spent half of his pregame session praising the Nets, as if their disastrous December had never happened, and as if he knew they had a second life in them.He called Williams "one of the best point guards in the game," despite his season-long struggles, and called Lopez "one of the best bigs in the league at scoring the basketball ."Brooks concluded, presciently, "I'm sure eventually it's going to click, and they're going to turn it around."At halftime, the Nets held a 61-45 lead, setting the stage for either their greatest victory of the season, or the most gut-wrenching collapse one could imagine.Johnson, Williams and Lopez combined for 42 points in the half, while making 17 of 28 shots. Johnson had 20 points — more than he had scored in any of his previous five games. Williams had nine assists by halftime, more than his prior two games combined."I think we've shown that we can be one of the top teams in this league," Johnson said.C. J. Watson was in uniform but did not play because of a bruised right knee. The rookie Tyshawn Taylor took his spot in the rotation, playing nine minutes. It was the first game Watson has missed this season, leaving Joe Johnson and Andray Blatche as the only Nets to play in every game. ... Jerry Stackhouse was held out of the game because of a sore right hamstring.
 GREEN BAY, Wis. — The tape was painful to watch. There was Adrian Peterson, strong and powerful, running through Green Bay's defensive line, over linebackers, and past the secondary again and again during the Vikings ' 37-34 win Sunday. There he was, stiff-arming Brad Jones on one play, slipping the tackle of a blitzing Morgan Burnett on another, dragging M. D. Jennings into the end zone on a touchdown run."Sure, it's tough to watch," linebacker Dezman Moses said. "But it's learning tape, and we learned from it."When the Packers host the Vikings on Saturday night in the wild-card round of the N.F.C. playoffs, the Green Bay defense will try to do something that it, and the rest of the league, did not do during the regular season : make Peterson look human.After tearing an anterior cruciate ligament in December, Peterson ran for,097 yards this season, 8 short of Eric Dickerson's N.F.L. record. While becoming the seventh player to exceed,000 yards rushing in a season, he did more damage against the Packers than any other team. Peterson ran for 210 yards in a Week 13 loss at Lambeau Field, and for 199 yards on a career-high 34 carries in Week, helping to secure a playoff berth for the Vikings while depriving the Packers of a first-round bye ."He's got vision; he's got power ; he could shake you," Packers defensive lineman C. J. Wilson said. "There's not a lot of weakness there."With only six days to recover and rededicate themselves to limiting the N.F.L.'s best running back, the Packers have preached run defense at practice."Most of their offense comes through A. P.," Wilson said. "He's pretty much their whole team."The lesson learned, several defensive players said, was discipline: manning their gaps, trusting their teammates and sticking to their assignments should help keep Peterson from the second and third levels of the defense."We need to play a little smarter in regards to scheme," linebacker Clay Matthews said. "Not in terms of the plays we call, but as far as where we fit." Defensive lineman Ryan Pickett added: "We got caught peeking into each other's gaps. When you do that, Adrian will make you pay."Also important, linebacker Dezman Moses said, was not just how many yards Peterson gained, but when he got them. In the teams' first meeting, the Packers won, 23-14."He had the numbers, but a lot of those yards were meaningless," Moses said. He also said the quick turnaround could be an advantage for the Packers, allowing them to watch film and make adjustments immediately. Green Bay's defense will get a much-needed lift from Charles Woodson, the eight-time Pro Bowl safety, who will return after missing nine games because of a broken collarbone sustained in October. Woodson practiced fully Wednesday. His presence gives the Packers a veteran leader and a proven run-stopper in the secondary."He's a dynamic player," Coach Mike McCarthy said. "Talk about versatility and the ability to make plays. He's tough around the line of scrimmage ."Burnett added, "It's like a having another coach on the field."Despite Peterson's performances against Green Bay's defense, the unit ranked 11th in fewest points allowed . It includes many of the key players from the Packers' Super Bowl - winning team two seasons ago .The offense, led by Aaron Rodgers, has rounded into form since a 38-10 loss to the Giants in Week. The unit averaged 32 points per game over the final five weeks of the season, and if the defense can match that performance, Moses said, the Packers will be a force in the playoffs."We want to do what we can do, so Aaron can do what he can do," he said. Rodgers and his arsenal of playmakers can help Green Bay's defense by scoring early and often, forcing the Vikings to throw the ball . That did not happen in Week. Minnesota jumped out to a 13-0 lead, and Green Bay never led. A balanced Vikings offense Saturday is something the Packers' defense would welcome."We want him in the mix," Matthews said of Minnesota quarterback Christian Ponder . "If we limit those carries and force Ponder to beat us, that's the game plan we want."Peterson, though, promised a heavy dose of himself."We're going to establish the run, starting with the guys up front," he said Wednesday.Matthews had a guarantee of his own."We ain't giving up 200 yards again," he said. "We'll be better."
GREENBURGH, N.Y. — As the 2012-13 season has progressed, the Knicks have gradually become less of a defensive-minded team, and it is having an impact on their record.While the Knicks, at, still have the second-best record in the Eastern Conference, they have gone 5-5 in their last 10 games and are too often allowing their opponents to get comfortable on offense early. That, in turn, has forced the Knicks to spend much of the remainder of the game trying to rally.The Knicks rank a modest 15th in the league in points per game allowed, after starting the season right at the top. More troubling, over those last 10 games, they have allowed an average of.3 points per game, which ranks a dismal 25th for that span. In five of those games — against the Portland Trail Blazers, the Sacramento Kings, the Minnesota Timberwolves, the Chicago Bulls and the Houston Rockets — the Knicks also found themselves trailing by 10 or more points at least once. Only against the Timberwolves, who were playing without their best player, Kevin Love, did the Knicks rally to win.But it is the last two games — both losses — that have been particularly troubling for Coach Mike Woodson . The Kings, one of the weakest teams in the N.B.A., built a 27-point second-quarter lead over the Knicks last Friday. On Tuesday, the Trail Blazers, a team slightly over.500, built a 19-point lead at Madison Square Garden .The Knicks rallied and nearly won in each instance, but that counts as a moral victory only, if that.The Knicks have flattened out as a team after their stunning start to the season, and more than anything, they seem to have lost their defensive edge."I don't care what teams you're playing in this league," Woodson said at practice Wednesday. "When you spot yourself 20 points and have to fight back, it can bite you in the butt a lot of times."When the season began, Woodson and his Knicks focused much of their time and attention on defense. It showed. The Knicks led the league in points per game allowed.9) in the first three weeks. In that stretch, they went."Early on, we were committed and we were getting after each other a little bit," Woodson said of his players' defensive approach. "There's been a major drop from the time we started."It is clear that the biggest defensive problems are occurring in the first half.According to Basketball -Reference.com, the Knicks rank 28th in the league this season based on points allowed per 100 possessions. In the second half, though, their defense tightens up significantly.Injuries have clearly had an impact on the Knicks, who are now playing without Raymond Felton and Rasheed Wallace . Wallace, in particular, strengthened the Knicks' interior defense and encouraged his teammates to communicate on the court . Without him, Woodson said, fewer players are talking to one another on defense.But Woodson knows he cannot simply point to absent players as an excuse for the team's less inspired play, and he strongly hinted Wednesday that he might alter the starting lineup ."We have to make some changes, because I don't like the way we have started the last few outings," he said. "If you're going to put on the uniform and play, you have to be committed on defense."In Wednesday's practice, Woodson spent much of his time trying to get his team to re-energize defensively. But three key players — Carmelo Anthony, Tyson Chandler and Jason Kidd — were not even on the court, having been given the day off to rest. All three are expected to play Thursday against the San Antonio Spurs, one of the league's top teams .In that game, and the two that follow, the Knicks' perimeter defense, in particular, will be tested. In general, the Knicks have performed poorly against young, quick point guards . With Felton out, Woodson will have to find a way to neutralize the Spurs' Tony Parker, Orlando's Jameer Nelson and Boston's Rajon Rondo . It will not be easy."We have to start taking more pride in guarding the basketball," Woodson said. "That's going to be the key. If you guard the ball, we don't have to rotate as much and everyone can stay home and guard their man. We have to get back to that."
The distributor of the top-selling energy "shot," 5-Hour Energy, has long claimed on product labels, in promotions and in television advertisements that the concentrated caffeine drink produced "no crash later" — the type of letdown that consumers of energy drinks often feel when the beverages' effects wear off.But an advertising watchdog group said on Wednesday that it had told the company five years ago that the claim was unfounded and had urged it then to stop making it.An executive of the group, the National Advertising Division, also said that 5-Hour Energy's distributor, Living Essentials, had publicly misrepresented the organization's position about the claim and that it planned to start a review that could lead to action against the company by the Federal Trade Commission ."We recommended that the 'no crash' claim be discontinued because their own evidence showed there was a crash from the product," said Andrea C. Levine, director the National Advertising Division. The organization, which is affiliated with the Council of Better Business Bureaus, reviews ad claims for accuracy.The emerging dispute between Living Essentials and the National Advertising Division is unusual because the $10 billion energy drink industry is rife with questionable marketing. And Living Essentials, which recently cited the advertising group's support in seeking to defend the "no crash" claim, may have opened the door to greater scrutiny.Major producers like 5-Hour Energy, Red Bull, Monster Energy and Rockstar Energy all say their products contain proprietary blends of ingredients that provide a range of mental and physical benefits . But the companies have conducted few studies to show that the costly products provide anything more than a blast of caffeine, a stimulant found in beverages like coffee, tea or cola-flavored sodas.The dispute over 5-Hour Energy's claim also comes as regulatory review of the high-caffeine drinks is increasing. The Food and Drug Administration recently disclosed that it had received reports over the last four years citing the possible role of 5-Hour Energy in 13 deaths. The mention of a product in an F.D.A. report does not mean it caused a death or injury. Living Essentials says it knows of no problems related to its products.The issue surrounding the company's "no crash" claim dates to, when National Advertising Division began reviewing all of 5-Hour Energy's marketing claims. That same year, the company conducted a clinical trial of the energy shot that compared it to Red Bull and Monster Energy .At the time, Living Essentials was already using the "No crash later" claim. An article on Wednesday in The New York Times reported that the study had shown that 24 percent of those who used 5-Hour Energy suffered a " moderately severe" crash hours after consuming it. The study reported higher crash rates for Red Bull and Monster Energy .When asked how those findings squared with the company's "no crash" claim, Elaine Lutz, a spokeswoman for Living Essentials, said the company had amended the claim after the 2007 review by the National Advertising Division. In doing so, it added an asterisklike mark after the claim on product labels and in promotions. The mark referred to additional labeling language stating that "no crash means no sugar crash." Unlike Red Bull and Monster Energy, 5-Hour Energy does not contain sugar.Ms. Lutz said that based on the modification, the advertising accuracy group "found all of our claims to be substantiated."However, Ms. Levine, the advertising group's director, took sharp exception to that assertion, saying it mischaracterized the group's decision. And a review of the reports suggested that Living Essentials had simply added language of its choosing to its label rather than doing what the group had recommended — drop the "no crash" claim altogether.That review concluded that the company's 2007 study had shown there was evidence to support a "qualified claim that 5-Hour Energy results in less of a crash than Red Bull and Monster" Energy . But it added the study, which showed that 5-Hour Energy users experienced caffeine-related crashes, was inadequate to support a "no crash" claim.Ms. Levine said Living Essentials had apparently decided to use the parts of the group's report that it liked and ignore others. Companies "are not permitted to mischaracterize our decisions or misuse them for commercial purposes," she said.She said the group planned to notify Living Essentials that it was reopening its review of the "no crash later" claim. If the company fails to respond or provides an inadequate response, the National Advertising Division will probably refer the matter to the F.T.C., she said.A Democratic lawmaker, Representative Edward Markey of Massachusetts, has asked that the agency review energy drink marketing claims.Asked about the position of the National Advertising Division, Ms. Lutz, the 5-Hour Energy spokeswoman, stated in an e-mail that the "no sugar crash" language had been added to address the group's concern.
 CAIRO — Sitting in his palace in early, as protests against him consumed Egypt, President Hosni Mubarak watched live video feeds of the demonstrations in Tahrir Square and the brutal response by his security forces, who used clubs, tear gas and live ammunition against civilians, according to a commission investigating deaths during the 18-day revolt and its aftermath.The video was delivered on an encrypted channel to Mr. Mubarak and other top officials, along with detailed security reports. Facing the most severe challenge to his rule in three decades, and just days after protests had forced Tunisia's autocratic president to flee his country, Mr. Mubarak authorized the use of any means to stop the demonstrations, his interior minister, Habib el-Adly, told the commission's investigators ." Mubarak knew everything, big and small," Mr. Adly said, according to a commission member, Ali al -Gineidy. The group's report, which was delivered on Wednesday to Mr. Mubarak's successor, President Mohamed Morsi, has not been released to the public, but in recent days members have spoken about its findings.The picture of Mr. Mubarak, 84, that has started to emerge from their comments — as a zealous watcher of the protests and the orchestrator of the crackdown — seems to contradict accounts by lawyers for the deposed president that he did not authorize the repression or know about the deaths. His court appearances after his ouster — in which he lay on a stretcher, wearing pajamas and sunglasses — and frequent reports of his ill health have reinforced his image as a detached, somewhat feeble leader.In June, a court convicted Mr. Mubarak and Mr. Adly of being accessories to murder, but absolved them of more direct responsibility for the uprising's casualties.More than 800 people died during the uprising, and dozens more were killed during Egypt's chaotic, military -led transition to civilian leadership. Only a few police officers are serving prison time in the killings, and hundreds of other officials have been acquitted. Human rights advocates hope the commission's 700- page report will be a step toward breaking a culture of impunity that the revolt failed to crack. Even now, civilians are tortured by the security forces, which the current Islamist government has taken no steps to reform.Mr. Morsi appointed the 16- member commission in July, soon after he took office. The panel also investigated the deaths of protesters during the military -led transition period and found that soldiers had fired live ammunition at demonstrators, despite denials by military leaders .In a telephone interview, Mohsin al-Bahnasi, a commission member, said enough evidence had been collected to convict members of the armed forces, although human rights advocates say that is unlikely because civilian courts have no power to try them. In recent weeks, Mr. Morsi has called for top officials, including Mr. Mubarak and Mr. Adly, to be retried in the killings. On Wednesday, his office released a statement saying the public prosecutor would evaluate the commission's findings.Mr. Gineidy, who quit the commission before it submitted its report, praised its investigation but said its work had been jeopardized by Egypt's judiciary, which has been unwilling to confront the security forces .Mr. Gineidy said Mr. Morsi would have to "establish revolutionary courts or special circuits" to try perpetrators because many sitting judges, appointed by Mr. Mubarak, were still loyal to the old government .The commission looked at evidence including Interior Ministry documents like weapons discharge reports and service orders that detailed security deployments, said Mr. Bahnasi, who also spoke about the report on Al Jazeera on Tuesday.The commission recorded an interview with Mr. Adly in prison and spoke with officials with the Information Ministry, who told it about Mr. Mubarak's video feeds .The commission collected evidence that showed the authorities discussed covering up killings, including by quickly burying the bodies of victims. Interior Ministry documents showed that officers used machine guns and birdshot against the protesters .Mr. Bahnasi said the commission also gathered evidence on the government's widespread use of plainclothes thugs, who were commanded by senior officials of Mr. Mubarak's political party and the Interior Ministry .The government, Mr. Adly said, gave the thugs money and broken marble to attack the protesters .On the rooftop of a hotel in Tahrir Square, military officers videotaped the protests, Mr. Gineidy said. The information minister arranged for the feeds to be piped to Mr. Mubarak and other officials . The government "recorded everything until the day he stepped down," Mr. Bahnasi said on Al Jazeera .
COMMERCIALS for gyms tend to feature actors who look like Calvin Klein underwear models, with physiques that most will not achieve no matter how long they spend on an elliptical machine.Planet Fitness, a national chain of about 600 fitness clubs, is introducing a campaign that mocks fitness fanatics, especially those whose devotion infringes on others.A new commercial opens with a slight woman who is curling small dumbbells in a drab gym as a brawny man berates her like a drill sergeant."If you can't handle a big girl's workout, the little girl's gym is right across the street!" shouts the man, a whistle hanging around his neck and his hands balled into fists, as the woman appears to be on the brink of tears. "If you were committed to this workout the way you committed to that morning doughnut, you'd be puking out your ears right now!"The spot cuts to a flashing light and siren and the words "Lunk Alarm," and then to the same woman in street clothes being given a tour of a Planet Fitness facility."And that's why I don't like gyms," she says."Well," begins the employee showing her around, "we're not a gym — we're Planet Fitness."The ad closes with a voice-over, which says: "No gymtimidation. No lunks. Just $10 a month."The ad, by Red Tettemer & Partners in Philadelphia, will be introduced widely on Jan. 10. Three other spots in the campaign follow the same structure, opening with overbearing gym rats and closing with assurances that Planet Fitness is more laid back.Planet Fitness will spend an estimated $10 million to $12 million on the campaign. It spent.8 million on advertising in the first nine months of, more than the.9 million it spent in all of, according to Kantar Media, a unit of WPP .Rather than being just a narrative device in the spots, lunk alarms have actually been fixtures at Planet Fitness gyms . Members who exhibit lunk behavior, which the company defines on posters in its facilities as grunting, dropping weights loudly and being judgmental, are subject to a public shaming when a manager at the facility sounds the alarm.In some cases, Planet Fitness even revokes memberships, as it did at a location in Wappingers Falls, N.Y., in. Albert Argibay, a bodybuilder whose exertions were considered grunting by Planet Fitness, but which Mr. Argibay countered in news accounts as merely heavy breathing, kept lifting after he was told to leave, and was eventually escorted from the premises by police officers .While the slogan "No Gymtimidation" is being introduced with the new campaign, the company has for years promised what it calls a "judgment-free zone." That, in the words of the Planet Fitness Web site, "means members can relax, get in shape, and have fun without being subjected to the hard-core, look-at-me attitude that exists in too many gyms ."Jamie Medeiros, director of marketing at Planet Fitness, said that only about 15 percent of Americans belonged to gyms, and that the company was focused not on trying to lure consumers from other facilities but on enticing those who had avoided gyms altogether."We go after the 85 percent who don't belong to a gym now or who have never belonged to a gym," Ms. Medeiros said.While many chains sell protein powders and a wide range of supplements, Planet Fitness takes the counterintuitive approach of serving the type of food that dieters typically avoid.Every month members are treated to pizza on the first Monday night and bagels on the second Tuesday morning, while Tootsie Rolls are handed out daily."The common person doesn't have time to work out every day, and they may not aspire to the type of person who has six-pack abs and eats egg whites," Ms. Medeiros said. "But we want to be the type of facility that people want to go to as opposed to, 'Oh my god, I have to go to the gym today!' "The company has thrived even during the economic downturn, growing to four million members today from about.2 million a year ago, according to Ms. Medeiros. About 60 percent of its members are women, much higher than what Ms. Medeiros said is the national average of 20 percent.Health clubs, like cellphone carriers, tend to sell one- or two-year contracts, but Planet Fitness instead has a month-to-month plan, at $10 monthly, which the company believes knocks down a barrier to joining.Among consumers who exercise, 71 percent agreed with the statement that fitness clubs were too expensive, according to a survey by Mintel, a market research firm . As for the atmosphere, only 27 percent said that they enjoyed the social aspects of gyms .When brands hire celebrity endorsers and attractive models, marketers typically refer to the advertisements as aspirational, meaning that consumers do not see themselves reflected in the ad as much as an ideal to which they aspire. But Steve Red, the chief creative officer of Red Tettemer & Partners, said the aspirational approach can backfire when it comes to promoting health clubs."I'm never going to get to be that washboard-stomach, super-cut guy that I see in the Equinox ads," said Mr. Red, referring to the chain of upscale gyms . "There are a ton of gym brands that are all about being cut and sinewy and having a six-pack, but I would argue that approach is not aspirational — it's inaccessible."
 WASHINGTON — Gen. John R. Allen, the senior American commander in Afghanistan, has submitted military options to the Pentagon that would keep,000 to,000 American troops in Afghanistan after, defense officials said on Wednesday. General Allen offered Defense Secretary Leon E . Panetta three plans with different troop levels: 6,000, 10,000 and,000, each with a risk factor probably attached to it, a senior military official said. An option of,000 troops would probably pose a higher risk of failure for the American effort in Afghanistan, 10,000 would be medium risk and,000 would be lower risk, the official said.But the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the options, said that a more important factor in the success of any post-2014 American mission was how well — or whether — an Afghan government known for corruption could deliver basic services to the population.General Allen's options offer ascending levels of American involvement in guarding against the expansion of terrorist groups in Afghanistan and advising an Afghan military that has limited air power, logistics, leadership and ability to evacuate and treat its wounded.With,000 troops, defense officials said, the American mission would largely be a counterterrorism fight of Special Operations commandos who would hunt down insurgents . There would be limited logistical support and training for Afghan security forces . With,000 troops, the United States would expand training of Afghan security forces . With,000 troops, the Obama administration would add some conventional Army forces to patrol in limited areas.Defense officials said it was unclear whether President Obama had studied the options, although they said he was expected to discuss them at the White House next week when President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan visits. About,000 American troops are now in Afghanistan .Under an agreement between NATO and the Afghan government, the NATO combat mission in Afghanistan is to end on Dec. 31, 2014, when the Afghan Army and the police are to have full responsibility for their country's security . But in recent months the Obama administration has been debating the size and mission of a residual American force that would remain after 2014 to increase Afghan stability .The help is sorely needed, according to the most recent Pentagon report on the state of the 11-year-old war. In an assessment released last month that covers April through September, the Pentagon found that only one of the Afghan Army's 23 brigades was able to operate independently without air or other military support from the United States or its NATO partners.Defense officials said that General Allen's recommendations did not include options for the pace of withdrawals of the remaining,000 troops, although American officials say he wants to keep a large majority — perhaps as many as,000 — through the fighting season next fall. Military officials anticipate that the White House will push for a more rapid withdrawal .General Allen's recommendations come as he and Mr. Panetta are soon due to leave their jobs . General Allen is to be replaced in February by Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., and Mr. Panetta is expected to step down after Mr. Obama nominates a successor. General Allen, who is under investigation for a series of e-mails he exchanged with a socialite in Tampa, Fla., Jill Kelley, is to become the NATO supreme allied commander in Europe, but his nomination is delayed until the investigation concludes. Pentagon officials said Wednesday that he had long planned to leave Afghanistan in February and that the inquiry had not accelerated his departure.
 LeBron James scored 32 points and finished an assist shy of a triple-double, Dwyane Wade had 27 points, and the Miami Heat beat the visiting Dallas Mavericks, 119-109, in overtime on Wednesday night .The Heat trailed by 12 in the opening minutes and then dug their way out of a 6-point hole in the final 3 minutes 2 seconds of regulation .James had 12 rebounds and 9 assists for the Heat, who went on a 16-3 run late, including a 7-0 start to overtime."We have ultimate confidence in our team, our talent level, our execution," said Chris Bosh, who scored 17 points for Miami .O. J. Mayo scored 30 points for the Mavericks, who fell to 0-6 in overtime this season. GRIZZLIES, CELTICS 83 Mike Conley had 23 points and 9 assists as visiting Memphis sent Boston to its fourth straight loss . SPURS, BUCKS 110 Tim Duncan had 28 points and 13 rebounds, and visiting San Antonio won its seventh straight game . ROCKETS, HORNETS 92 James Harden had 31 points and 7 assists for host Houston, which outscored New Orleans, 60-28, in the paint. BULLS, MAGIC 94 Carlos Boozer had a season-high 31 points and 11 rebounds, and visiting Chicago, playing without center Joakim Noah (flulike symptoms, hung on for a win.Jameer Nelson missed a jumper in the closing seconds that would have tied the score, and Orlando lost its seventh straight . KINGS, CAVALIERS 94 Jason Thompson scored 19 points, and DeMarcus Cousins added 18 as Sacramento earned its second road victory of the season.Cleveland's Anderson Varejao missed his seventh straight game with a bruised right knee. RAPTORS, TRAIL BLAZERS 79 Terrence Ross scored a career-high 26 points, and host Toronto snapped an eight-game losing streak against Portland . The Raptors had last beaten the Trail Blazers on Jan. 13, 2008.IN OTHER GAMES Luis Scola scored 19 of his 21 points in the second half, and host Phoenix beat Philadelphia, 95-89, to snap a six- game skid . ... Paul George had 29 points and 13 rebounds as Indiana beat Washington, 89-81, at home. ... Gordon Hayward scored 17 points, and Utah beat visiting Minnesota, 106-84, to snap a three-game losing streak .OWNER'S SON FOUND DEAD The son of the Los Angeles Clippers' owner, Donald Sterling, was found dead, apparently of a drug overdose, at his home in Malibu, Calif., the authorities said.The body of the son, Scott Ashley Sterling, 32, was found shortly after:30 p.m. Tuesday, Lt. Larry Dietz of the Los Angeles County coroner's office said.Donald Sterling, 77, and his wife released a statement thanking friends for their sympathy, asking for privacy and saying their son was diabetic, but did not indicate what role, if any, that may have played in his death.A friend of Scott Sterling's called the police after not hearing from him for several days, according to a statement from the County Sheriff's Department .Dietz said the death appeared to be accidental, but an autopsy was planned.
BANGKOK — At a bend in a busy Bangkok road stands the Tree of 100 Corpses, a shrine to pedestrians who have died in traffic accidents nearby.People come from all over Thailand to commune with spirits they believe reside in the tree, which is wrapped in golden cloth and surrounded by hundreds of figurines. They also come to find winning lottery numbers."I made a wish to the tree and asked that the number pop up in my dream," said Kriengsak Konart, a motorcycle taxi driver who works in the area. The number 45 came to him in his sleep, he said, and he played a variation of it.The search for lottery numbers in Thailand can be confusing to outsiders. Many Thais believe that calamity can beget good fortune, and that tragedy may give rise to powerful ghosts who offer guidance on winning numbers. Newspapers report the license plate numbers of cars involved in gruesome accidents. Lottery aficionados note the highway route numbers where accidents took place, tally the casualties and play the numbers. Nothing is seen as too horrible to be a source of good luck, not plane crashes or massacres ."This is all about superstition," said Worawit Srianunraksa, the front-page editor of The Daily News here, which, like other Thai newspapers, runs articles packed with numbers that may be useful to lottery players. "People, especially in rural areas, still believe in ghosts and spirits, things that you cannot explain. And they are able to find numbers in any news event."Thailand's favorite topic of conversation is probably food, but a close second is the underground lottery. The game, illegal but tolerated, is played by nearly one-third of a population that marries deeply held superstitions with a proclivity for fun. The search for numbers to play is something close to a national obsession, culminating twice a month in the drawing of plastic balls to decide the winners.Inspiration does not always come from tragedy. Regular lottery players say that numbers occur to them in dreams or cosmically appear in the bark of trees. They may be gleaned from oddities spotted by villagers and reported in the national news media — a six-legged turtle or a lizard born with an extra appendage, to name two that were reported last month. People play the numbers of the hotel rooms where movie stars stay, the prime minister's birthday or any numbers related to the royal family .But many Thais believe that the best numbers come from powerful ghosts, those who have endured terrible pain or suffering.One of the country's most famous ghosts is Mae Nak, who is honored at a shrine in southeastern Bangkok next to a Buddhist temple. According to Thai legend, Mae Nak died in childbirth while her husband, a soldier, was away on a military campaign . When he returned, his wife was a ghost soaring through the house.Paan Padthong, 72, one of many fortune tellers who work near the Mae Nak shrine, said that men and women visited for a variety of reasons. Young men ask the ghost for assistance to avoid being drafted into the military . Women ask for help in conceiving a child. Students seek a cosmic boost on exams.Mr. Paan said he felt Mae Nak's presence floating above the shrine. "As we are talking, she hears us," he said.Those who go to the shrine for lottery numbers reach into a clay jar and pull out numbered balls. Or they scratch the bark of a tree inside the shrine, looking for digits.Mr. Paan said they were trying too hard. "If you are someone who possesses good luck, all you have to do is step into the shrine and you will start to see numbers," he said. "The numbers will just appear."The unlucky, on the other hand, need to realize their limitations, he said. "You can scratch the tree all day long, and you'll never see any numbers."In a modern and cosmopolitan city like Bangkok, there are people, of course, who reject superstition. But it speaks to the Thai ethos of live and let live that the nonbelievers do not criticize those who seek supernatural help for their lottery habit. The attitude is captured in a Thai maxim: "If you don't believe it, don't insult it."
The Jets will hold their season-ending news conference with Coach Rex Ryan and their owner, Woody Johnson, on Tuesday — nine days after the end of their season.Much has happened since Ryan last spoke, on Sunday after a 28-9 defeat at Buffalo that secured a 6-10 record for a team that spoke of 16-0 perfection. The Jets fired their general manager, Mike Tannenbaum, but have maintained silence about the status of their embattled offensive coordinator, Tony Sparano. Also continuing is the search for Tannenbaum's replacement, who will inherit both a coach and a quarterback, Mark Sanchez, he might not want but will probably have little choice but to retain.The Jets have been lampooned for demonstrating a lack of accountability since Tannenbaum's dismissal. The revelation that Ryan is recharging for a few days in the Bahamas has only fed that perception.Only players available in a one-hour period of locker-room access Monday could speak to the chaos surrounding the team. Many did, with running back Joe McKnight saying, "It kind of messed with us a little bit."By delaying Ryan's and Johnson's availability until Tuesday, the Jets are violating N.F.L. policy, which requires every team to conduct a news conference during the week after the season "with its head coach, and/or owner, and/or club president and/or general manager " to "respond to fan interest." None of the other 19 teams that failed to make the playoffs violated the policy, according to the N.F.L. spokesman Greg Aiello, who said the league was investigating the matter .THE CARDINALS' SEARCH The Arizona Cardinals have completed an extensive interview that spread over two days with their defensive coordinator, Ray Horton, in the search for a replacement for the team's fired coach, Ken Whisenhunt.Next up is Andy Reid, the longtime Philadelphia Eagles coach, who was among seven N.F.L. head coaches who were fired on Monday. Reid's interview, while not formally scheduled, could come on Thursday.Michael Bidwill, the Cardinals' president, has identified Horton, Reid and Mike McCoy, the Denver Broncos' offensive coordinator, as candidates to replace Whisenhunt, who was dismissed after six seasons. The Cardinals plan to interview McCoy in Denver this weekend. (AP)COORDINATOR SIGNS CONTRACT Atlanta Falcons Coach Mike Smith said that Dirk Koetter, the team's offensive coordinator, had signed a contract extension to stay with the franchise through next season. Koetter's name surfaced this week as a head coaching candidate in Cleveland, Kansas City and Philadelphia .Koetter has overseen an offense that ranks second in third-down efficiency ; seventh in scoring and fewest sacks allowed; and eighth in total yards . (AP)LIONS STANDING PAT Detroit Lions General Manager Martin Mayhew said at a 45-minute news conference that as far as he knew, both he and Coach Jim Schwartz would be back next season.Mayhew added that he had spoken with ownership and discussed his plans. The Lions lost their final eight games and finished. (AP
Next football season, Ray Lewis will be on the sideline, perhaps saving up his pregame speeches — motivational, to be sure, but sometimes indecipherable in their ferocity — for his son's first season at the University of Miami .It is almost impossible to imagine the N.F.L. without Lewis, without the eyeblack streaked across his face, without his wild dances as he emerged from the stadium tunnel, without his punishing hits.In truth, Lewis's play has been ebbing for a few years, his ability to run sideline to sideline slowed by age, his intimidating tackles weakened by the loss of weight he shed to try to regain some speed. Even when he tore his triceps this season and missed the final 10 games of the regular season, it was clear that the Baltimore Ravens more desperately missed a teammate, linebacker Terrell Suggs, who was out part of the season with an Achilles' tear.But when Lewis announced Wednesday that he would retire after this season — the Ravens play the Indianapolis Colts in a wild-card game Sunday — it felt like the end of an era, one that Lewis dominated as the greatest linebacker of his generation and perhaps the greatest middle linebacker in N.F.L. history. He said it was "time to create a new legacy.""I talked to my team today," Lewis said to reporters. "I talked to them about life in general. And everything that starts has an end. For me, today, I told my team that this will be my last ride."Lewis will play Sunday for the first time since he tore his triceps in mid-October . Because the Ravens are the fourth seed, the game is likely to be his last one in Baltimore, the city where he has spent his entire N.F.L. career.Lewis joined the team in 1996 as a first-round draft pick — though not the first linebacker taken that year — out of Miami, the same year the Ravens started playing in Baltimore after Art Modell moved the franchise from Cleveland .Lewis brought immediate attention and relevance to the Ravens . In, a year after he was indicted on murder charges after a fight broke out at a Super Bowl party — he later pleaded guilty to a lesser charge and served no time in prison — Lewis was the league's defensive player of the year for the first of two times and the most valuable player of the Super Bowl, which the Ravens won.Lewis also crafted a defensive legacy that still defines and shapes the perception of the team. In, Baltimore gave up the fewest points in a 16-game season, allowing it to overcome a five-game stretch in which the offense did not score a touchdown. In 12 of his 17 seasons, the defense finished the season ranked in the top."I thought, shoot, the guy could play forever and would play forever," said Colts Coach Chuck Pagano, who was the Ravens' defensive coordinator last year. "Great person, great man, great player, just an unbelievable human being — what he's done for that organization, that city and, for that matter, so many people. He's obviously a first-ballot Hall of Famer and will be sorely missed."If the timing of Lewis's announcement was a surprise, the substance was not. He has hinted that his career was nearing its end and that he wanted to be home to see his son, Ray III, play in the fall at Miami ."God is calling," Lewis said. "My children have made the ultimate sacrifice for their father for 17 years. I don't want to see them do that no more. I've done what I wanted to do in this business, and now it's my turn to give them something back."
 WASHINGTON — A federal judge in Manhattan refused on Wednesday to require the Justice Department to disclose a memorandum providing the legal justification for the targeted killing of a United States citizen, Anwar al-Awlaki, who died in a drone strike in Yemen in.The ruling, by Judge Colleen McMahon, was marked by skepticism about the antiterrorist program that targeted him, and frustration with her own role in keeping the legal rationale for it secret."I can find no way around the thicket of laws and precedents that effectively allow the executive branch of our government to proclaim as perfectly lawful certain actions that seem on their face incompatible with our Constitution and laws while keeping the reasons for their conclusion a secret," she wrote."The Alice-in-Wonderland nature of this pronouncement is not lost on me," Judge McMahon wrote, adding that she was operating in a legal environment that amounted to "a veritable Catch."A lawsuit for the memorandum and related materials was filed under the Freedom of Information Act by The New York Times and two of its reporters, Charlie Savage and Scott Shane. Wednesday's decision also rejected a broader request under the act from the American Civil Liberties Union .David E. McCraw, a lawyer for The Times, said the paper would appeal."We began this litigation because we believed our readers deserved to know more about the U.S. government's legal position on the use of targeted killings against persons having ties to terrorism, including U.S. citizens," Mr. McCraw said. " Judge McMahon's decision speaks eloquently and at length to the serious legal questions raised by the targeted-killing program and to why in a democracy the government should be addressing those questions openly and fully."Jameel Jaffer, a lawyer with the A.C.L.U., said his group also planned to appeal. "This ruling," he said, "denies the public access to crucial information about the government's extrajudicial killing of U.S. citizens and also effectively greenlights its practice of making selective and self-serving disclosures."A Justice Department spokesman said only that lawyers there were reviewing the decision. Judge McMahon's opinion included an overview of what she called "an extensive public relations campaign" by various government officials about the American role in the killing of Mr. Awlaki and the circumstances under which the government considers targeted killings, including of its citizens, to be lawful. The Times and the A.C.L.U. argued that the government had waived the right to withhold its legal rationale by discussing the program extensively in public. President Obama and Defense Secretary Leon E . Panetta both acknowledged that the United States played a role in the elder Mr . Awlaki's death, Judge McMahon wrote. But she focused in particular on a March speech by Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr . at Northwestern University .When United States citizens are targeted for killing, Mr. Holder said, the Constitution's due process protections apply. But due process does not require " judicial process," he added.On the one hand, Judge McMahon wrote, "the speech constitutes a sort of road map of the decision-making process that the government goes through before deciding to 'exterminate' someone 'with extreme prejudice.' " On the other hand, the speech was "a far cry from a legal research memorandum."The government's public comments were as a whole "cryptic and imprecise," Judge McMahon said, and were thus insufficient to overcome exemptions in the freedom of information law for classified materials and internal government deliberations."It lies beyond the power of this court to conclude that a document has been improperly classified," she wrote, rejecting the argument that legal analysis may not be classified. Judge McMahon said she had not reviewed the withheld documents, including the one at the heart of the case, which was prepared by the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel . She said the memorandum must contain more detailed legal analysis than the broad statements in Mr. Holder's speech "unless standards at O.L.C. have slipped dramatically."The Times published an account of the Office of Legal Counsel memorandum in October, citing people who had read it.Even as she ruled against the plaintiffs, the judge wrote that the public should be allowed to judge whether the administration's analysis holds water."More fulsome disclosure of the legal reasoning on which the administration relies to justify the targeted killing of individuals, including United States citizens, far from any recognizable 'hot' field of battle, would allow for intelligent discussion and assessment of a tactic that (like torture before it) remains hotly debated," she wrote.
A Chat With David O. Russell: The director David O. Russell talks to Melena Ryzik about personal storytelling at the Ghetto Film School in the South Bronx .Any writer knows the sinking feeling: This line, this draft, this entire project, is not quite working. Time to face that frustratingly blank page again. Revisions are not any easier when the starting point involves someone else's words.David O. Russell wrote 20 drafts of the screenplay for " Silver Linings Playbook," based on a novel by Matthew Quick. Ol Parker did, for four directors, before "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel " was done. Tony Kushner's first pass at "Lincoln," based on Doris Kearns Goodwin's "Team of Rivals " and other sources, was 500 pages long.Lucy Alibar, who adapted " Beasts of the Southern Wild " with its director, Benh Zeitlin, from her own one-act play, found that her highly personal material needed to be rethought almost entirely for the screen. Chris Terrio spent a year researching the facts behind "Argo," then worried that he was straying too far into fiction.Here these writers, all hopefuls for the best adapted screenplay Oscar — alongside contenders like Stephen Chbosky for "The Perks of Being a Wallflower," David Magee for " Life of Pi " and Ben Lewin for "The Sessions" — share details about their process, inspiration and doggedness to get every word just right.Ms. Alibar's one-act play "Juicy and Delicious," performed for a few weeks in TriBeCa in, was based on her relationship with her father, a small-town defense lawyer who got paid in livestock as often as cash. To make the play into a film she first had to learn how to construct a screenplay; Mr. Zeitlin lent her his college film syllabus. During their stint at the Sundance Labs they further winnowed the story, about a child and her dying father in a mystical bayou community. At first, Ms. Alibar said, "there were like five movies in there."But much of what Ms. Alibar wrote had to be retailored for the cast, especially the star, Quvenzhané Wallis, who was 6 when filming began. The protagonist of the play was a little boy; the monologues became voice- overs, recorded when Ms. Wallis was."I was really concerned that some of the text might be elevated or theatrical," said Ms. Alibar, who spent time on the Louisiana set with Ms. Wallis. "But she nailed it."Back home in New York, Ms. Alibar wrote the voice-over sections, mindful of both Mr. Zeitlin's instructions and her young star's voice and personality. Ms. Wallis has "this wonderful way of talking about things that's a little bit metaphorical," Ms. Alibar said. "I knew there was a lot I could get away with."In dramatizing "Argo" Mr. Terrio had a wealth of source material: not only a 2007 Wired article by Joshuah Bearman that recounted the Hollywood -style rescue of Americans from 1970s Iran, but also the autobiography of the Central Intelligence Agency officer who directed the mission, Tony Mendez. Mr. Mendez, now retired, introduced Mr. Terrio around the C.I.A. campus in Langley, Va., which helped set the tone for the script."How banal it seems," Mr. Terrio said. "It looks like any community college anywhere in the world. I think that informs 'Argo.' "But keeping the script grounded in reality also made plotting a challenge. "You're trying to establish an espionage thriller," he said. "But you're not showing some evil madman with a missile in his hangar. You're trying to do it through words and people arguing."If the first act of the movie, setting up the personalities and political drama, asked a lot of the audience, the final act was even tougher, especially since the outcome was well known."I spent months pulling my hair out about the ending," Mr. Terrio said, fretting that the real-life people whose lives the film chronicled would find it false. "I was reading things like 'The Defense of Poesy,' " the 16th-century text arguing for the power of fiction, he said.In the end Mr. Terrio and Ben Affleck, the director and star, decided it was fine to use a little creative license. "We could really use every technique available in cinema, which is sight and sound and tension and the ringing phone and the wheels of the car, to really get under the skin of the audience, to say that you should doubt what you know about what happened," Mr. Terrio said.The emotional instability at the heart of " Silver Linings Playbook " had an instant, personal appeal for David O. Russell, because his teenage son has some of the same behavioral issues that Mr. Quick explored in "Silver Linings," his 2008 debut novel. Mr. Russell, who was also directing, wanted to make a film that reflected his experience, in its difficult and hopeful moments.After "The Fighter," the 2010 Boston boxing drama that earned him an Oscar nomination for directing, Mr. Russell also discovered he had an affinity for big family stories set in rowdy neighborhoods. "That's as enchanting to me as the story," he said, adding that he wanted to see the way his characters "live, the way they eat, the way they cook."He wrote the part of the father with his friend Robert De Niro in mind, and Mr. De Niro lobbied for Bradley Cooper, with whom he starred in "Limitless," to play his son. "They were very comfortable and close to each other" already, Mr. Russell said. That Mr. Cooper is from Philadelphia, where the movie is set, was another bonus ."The fact that we had Italian food cooking in the house that smelled like my mother's house, and Bradley's mother's house, was everything," Mr. Russell said.He also gave his son a small part, as a neighbor who wants to make a video about Mr. Cooper's character."He had to earn the privilege of doing it, by doing well at school," Mr. Russell said with pride.Hired by the producer Graham Broadbent to adapt Deborah Moggach's novel "These Foolish Things," Mr. Parker spent three and a half years revising "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel," a process he called "a nightmare that I hope to never repeat."The parade of directors each wanted something different, he said. "Can they take a journey, like in 'City Slickers'?" one asked. Another version called for the story, about a retirees' hotel in India, to skew younger — "Emma Thompson and Pierce Brosnan, hanging on a beach in Goa and taking drugs," Mr. Parker said. By the time John Madden ("Shakespeare in Love") came on to direct, Mr. Parker had had it. "I was like, I'm done, I hate the film, I'm written out," he said. "John, in his ruthlessly polite way, wouldn't let me quit."
Years before Superman could be easily spotted in the sky among the birds and planes — or in motion pictures, or on billboards or lunchboxes or the many other pop-cultural artifacts he now occupies — his co-creator Joe Shuster met him in person on the street.In, some seven years after he had been regularly illustrating Superman adventures written by his partner, Jerry Siegel, Shuster encountered a young man who looked exactly like the Superman character as he imagined him. He asked the man, named Stanley Weiss, if he could draw him, resulting in some sketches that have gone largely unseen for nearly 70 years, as well as some insights into the origins of this long-lived American champion.Shuster's pencil sketches of the square-jawed Weiss, who strongly resembles a certain Kryptonian immigrant and his earthly alter ego, Clark Kent, will be shown publicly at the Center for Jewish History in Chelsea, at a Jan. 27 event celebrating the 75th anniversary of Superman.The event, "Superman at: Celebrating America's Most Enduring Hero," will also feature a discussion with comic book writers like Denny O'Neil and Jim Shooter; Jenette Kahn, the former publisher of DC Comics; and Stanley Weiss's son, David.In response to e-mail questions, David Weiss wrote that his father had found Shuster's drawings "amusing but not a big deal."Stanley Weiss was 24 at the time he met Shuster, either in New Jersey or at a resort in the Adirondacks called Green Mansions; he worked as an accountant and later helped run a family furniture and appliance business . Superman himself was appearing in comics and radio serials, but had not come into his full, ubiquitous bloom."I remember the sketches hanging on a wall in the house for a while, and I'm certain that was my mother's doing," said David Weiss, whose father died in. "Then they were put away. It seemed a bigger deal to her, but that still doesn't mean that either of them considered it a big deal. The Jewish and family culture I grew up in had a fundamental modesty."Larry Tye, the author of "Superman: The High-Flying History of America's Most Enduring Hero" and a participant in the Center for Jewish History event, said in a telephone interview that Siegel and Shuster, who were both the children of European Jewish immigrants, drew upon many sources when they created Superman in the 1930s. They looked at classical heroes like Samson and Hercules, pulp characters like Doc Savage and, of course, themselves."What Joe Shuster said was that he would look in a mirror, and when he was drawing Clark Kent and Superman, that was what he saw," Mr. Tye said. "And if you looked at Joe Shuster's picture, either he wasn't a very good drawer, or he was having fun with us."Siegel "thought that he was Clark Kent," Mr. Tye said, "to the point where he had been an aspiring young journalist, and he thought if you looked deeply enough in him, you would see a Superman."Mr. Tye said that Siegel and Shuster wanted their Man of Steel to represent them in at least one other crucial way."They were planting little hints as to his ethnic heritage and the fact that he was Jewish," Mr. Tye said. For example, Superman's arrival on Earth as an infant in a rocket ship parallels the biblical story of baby Moses being delivered to Pharaoh's daughter in his papyrus basket. And his Kryptonian name, Kal-El, sounds like the Hebrew for voice or vessel of God."It was not just the creators and the publishers and all the people around them that were Jewish," Mr. Tye said. "And I love the idea that the first guy that he comes across, who looks just like Superman, is Jewish as well."
BANGKOK — Myanmar admitted on Wednesday that it was using aircraft to attack rebels near the border with China, a development that the United States described as an "extremely troubling" escalation of the conflict .Ethnic Kachin rebels, who are battling the government for control over the northern areas of the country, have in recent days reported being attacked by helicopters and other aircraft, but until Wednesday the government denied using such tactics .A report by the state-run Myanmar News Agency on Wednesday, which was published on Thursday in the state newspaper, New Light of Myanmar, said the military used aircraft to clear rebels from a hilltop not far from the Chinese border ."Air cover was used in the attack," the report said. " Weapons and ammunition were seized."The Myanmar Army's goal was to keep supply lines open, the report said, adding that the army "did not launch offensives."Fighting between government troops and the Kachin Independence Army has tarnished the reform efforts of President Thein Sein, who is leading the country's transition from a military dictatorship to a democracy.The Kachin, like Myanmar's other ethnic minorities, have long sought greater autonomy from the central government . They are the only major ethnic rebel group that has not reached a cease-fire agreement with Mr. Thein Sein's government, which came to power in March 2011 after almost five decades of military rule .His government has been praised for instituting changes that include liberalizing the economy, abolishing most media censorship and opening the once-isolated country to foreign investment . He has also led reconciliation efforts with the political opposition, led by Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, the country's leading democracy advocate.But friction with ethnic minorities is seen as a danger to the fledgling democracy.Although Mr. Thein Sein is a former general himself, his public appeals for an end to the army's offensive in the borderland areas have gone unheeded, leading diplomats to voice concerns about a possible rift between the military and his civilian government . Peace talks between government negotiators and the rebels have foundered.The military's objective appears to be the capture of the rebel base at Laiza, a town on the border with China . Tens of thousands of refugees have fled the fighting, some to China . The current round of fighting began in June 2011 when a 17-year cease-fire ended.Capturing the rebel base at Laiza would be a victory for the military of Myanmar, formerly Burma, but it is unlikely that it would stop the fighting. The Kachin specialize in guerrilla tactics honed over decades: their warriors were allies of British and American troops against Japanese soldiers during World War II .Myanmar's state news media have given few details about the fighting and until now rarely offered casualty tallies. The Myanmar News Agency's report listed a series of clashes in which " soldiers were injured and lost their lives ."A State Department spokeswoman, Victoria Nuland, called the use of air power "extremely troubling."At a briefing in Washington on Wednesday Ms. Nuland said, "We are continuing to urge the government of Burma and the Kachin Independence Organization to cease this conflict ."
AUSTIN, Tex. — The writer Lawrence Wright doesn't seem at all the sort of person you'd find in public wearing a black cowboy shirt emblazoned with big white buffalos. He's shy, soft-spoken, a little professorial. But as if he didn't have enough to do, besides working on three plays simultaneously and getting ready to publish a new book in two weeks, Mr. Wright has been taking piano lessons with Floyd Domino, the two-time Grammy winner, and on a recent Saturday, in his buffalo shirt, he played in a concert at the Victory Grill here with the band WhoDo. Mr. Wright was at the keyboard, and sang solo on "Sixty-Minute Man" and the Count Basie tune "She's Funny That Way." Not bad for a bookworm."I decided a while ago that I would only do things that are really important or really fun," Mr. Wright said. "This is really fun."More fun, probably, than dealing with lawyers . His new book, "Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, & the Prison of Belief" (Knopf) is about the famously litigious Church of Scientology, and he said he has received innumerable threatening letters from lawyers representing the church or some of the celebrities who belong to it. (Transworld, Mr. Wright's British publisher, recently canceled its plans to publish "Going Clear," though a spokeswoman insisted that the decision was not made in response to threats from the church.)The book, which recounts the history of Scientology through the interwoven stories of key figures like L. Ron Hubbard, the religion's founder, and celebrity Scientologists like John Travolta and Tom Cruise, claims among other things that the church has virtually imprisoned some of its members, threatening blackmail if they try to leave, and that its current leader, David Miscavige, has physically abused some of his underlings. The book won't do anything to enhance the image of Scientology, already diminished by Janet Reitman's 2011 book, "Inside Scientology: The History of the World's Most Secretive Religion."In a statement, Karin Pouw, a Scientology spokeswoman, said Mr. Wright and his publisher refused to provide a copy of the book in advance and "showed little interest in receiving input" from the church. "The portions you cite from the book are preposterous lies," she said, adding that "the allegation about Mr. Miscavige is false and defamatory."But Mr. Wright insists that he did not set out to write an expos. "Why would I bother to do that?" he said. "Scientology is probably the most stigmatized religion in America already. But I'm fascinated by it and by what drives people to Scientology, especially given its image."He added: "There are many countries where you can only believe more or you can believe less. But in the United States we have this incredible smorgasbord, and it really interests me why people are drawn to one faith rather than another, especially to a system of belief that to an outsider seems absurd or dangerous."Mr. Wright, whose previous book, "The Looming Tower:" Al-Qaeda and the Road to," won the Pulitzer Prize in, is no stranger to writing about secretive organizations. In the case of Scientology, he said, he had been looking for what he calls a "donkey" — a character strong and sympathetic enough to carry a complicated story. "I don't mean it in a disparaging way," he explained. "A donkey is a very useful beast of burden." In 2010 he finally found one in Paul Haggis, the winner of back-to-back Oscars for " Million Dollar Baby," which he wrote, and "Crash," which he wrote and directed, who defected from Scientology in, after 34 years in the church, during which he rose to one of its highest ranks.In 2011 Mr. Wright published a profile of Mr. Haggis in The New Yorker, and in the course of the fact-checking process Tommy Davis, the international spokesman for Scientology, did Mr. Wright an unwitting favor. He showed up in The New Yorker offices with four lawyers and 47 white binders full of material about the church."I suppose the idea was to drown me in information," Mr. Wright recalled, "but it was like trying to pour water on a fish. I looked on those binders with a feeling of absolute joy."Among his peers Mr. Wright is known for his thoroughness and for his legal pads and his filing- card system, which in the computer age is as complicated and as antique as the historian Robert Caro's. Lauren Wolf, a recent graduate of the journalism school at the University of Texas, who worked for Mr. Wright as a fact checker and researcher on "Going Clear," said, "I think the reason Larry hired me was that in the interview I said, 'I think one of my faults is that I don't know when to stop researching.' He looked at me and said, 'I don't think that's a fault.' "She added: "He's incredibly thorough. He does an immense amount of reading and researching and talking to sources."In all Mr. Wright spoke to some 200 current and former Scientologists, only a few of whom insisted on anonymity . He started with Mr. Haggis, he said, and one name led to another. It helped that, starting in, a number of high-ranking officials had broken from the church and began talking to The St . Petersburg Times. (The spiritual headquarters of Scientology is in nearby Clearwater, Fla.)"The church for decades has been mopping up as much information as they can," Mr. Wright said. "That's why there are so few photographs in the book. They've also silenced people through nondisclosure agreements and through intimidation. But this has not been a perfect job on the part of the church."There are a lot of people out there who were very high up in the church and know a lot about it who have become outspoken. I'm very lucky to come along at a time when a lot of these people are ready to talk."One of his sources, Amy Scobee, said of meeting Mr. Wright: "I had already taken the plunge and decided to speak out. But I've been approached by a lot of people who just want a quick sound bite. He wasn't a Johnny come lately. I felt he had real integrity."Another ex-Scientologist, Tom De Vocht, a construction manager for the church who left after 28 years, said: "I could tell that Larry wasn't just out to get the church — which would have been fine with me, actually. He really had dug into this, which made it easier to talk to him." He added: "I couldn't not say anything. I feel I've got to make the truth known."A color-coded outline for "Going Clear" is still on a wall-size whiteboard in Mr. Wright's office in his house here. Next to it is an equally large whiteboard outlining a play Mr. Wright has written about the Camp David accords, which is expected to have its premiere at Arena Stage in Washington next season. In February he is going to London for a reading of a play he has written about the making of the movie "Cleopatra." And in March a play he has written about the journalist Oriana Fallaci will open at Berkeley Rep in California .Fallaci, he explained, was someone he admired and in some ways loathed. "She was a very formative figure for me," Mr. Wright said, "though I'm not sure what I think about some of her techniques now. She went a little crazy at the end and after 9/11 her anti-Muslim rhetoric was so provocative and inflammatory. But I'm still very interested in the tension between Islam and the West, and so Oriana Fallaci became for me a great vehicle, another donkey."Mr. Wright, who despite his shyness has also appeared in two one-man shows based on his own journalism, said that he didn't see much disconnection between his books and his theatrical writing."They're all kin," he said. "I did interviews and have note cards for Oriana." He also interviewed people who had worked on "Cleopatra." "I like the serendipitous surprises of reality," he said. "I get more pleasure from discovering it than from inventing it."Excusing himself because he had to go practice the piano, he added, "I get very antsy when I'm not occupied."
 BALTIMORE — Early each weekday morning, a 47-year-old man with graying hair takes a timecard and punches in at his job. He retreats to a room for a moment and emerges wearing a blue-gray uniform whose shirt bears his stitched surname: Tinker. The man seizes the tools of his trade and gets to work.In some respects, Christopher Tinker's routine as an automobile mechanic is similar to the one followed a century ago by his great-grandfather Joe Tinker, the Chicago Cubs shortstop who was inducted into the Hall of Fame in.Each had to master the details of a physical craft and be precise in his measurements, whether gauging the speed of a fastball or calibrating the front-end alignment of a car. Indeed, as Christopher Tinker bends over engines, rotates wrenches and kicks tires, he can almost feel his ancestor's presence. Particularly because there, on Tinker's left forearm, is a tattoo of the 1911 baseball card of his great-grandfather, who is best remembered for being part of a famous baseball roll call: Tinker to Evers to Chance.Those three made up the double-play combination immortalized in a poem — "Baseball's Sad Lexicon" — that was written in 1910 by the New York Evening Mail columnist Franklin Pierce Adams in homage to their infield prowess."These are the saddest of possible words: Tinker to Evers to Chance," wrote Adams, who, as the story goes, put the poem together on his way to the Polo Grounds to watch the Cubs play the Giants . From there, six lines followed:Trio of bear cubs, and fleeter than birds,Words that are heavy with nothing but trouble:Or, all these years later, Tinker to Evers to Chance to the K&S Associates auto repair shop north of downtown Baltimore .Christopher Tinker had the tattoo put on his arm about seven years ago . In, he paid $220 for one of the original baseball cards, which were issued by tobacco companies . But the card was eventually lost, and Tinker thought about how to replace it. One day he walked into a Baltimore tattoo parlor, and the idea hit him. Six hours and nearly $500 later, he had his great-grandfather's image engraved on his arm."I thought, What could be cooler to memorialize my great-grandfather than in ink on my skin?" Tinker said in a recent interview at his shop, where he has worked for two decades. "I thought it was a good conversation piece," he added. "People would see it, ask about it, and I'd get to talk about him and bring him back to life, in a way. It's amazing that 100 years later, people still remember Tinker to Evers to Chance. It seems that sports fans have a long memory."Evers was second baseman Johnny Evers; Chance was first baseman Frank Chance. Along with Tinker, they helped lead the Cubs to a 116-36 record in 1906 (no team has ever won more games in a regular season ) and, more important, to the 1907 and 1908 World Series titles, which were the last times the Cubs were champions. In view of the century of Cubs futility that has followed, that achievement alone probably merits the inclusion of all three men in the Hall of Fame, where, indeed, they all have plaques.Tinker played 15 seasons in the major leagues, had a longstanding feud with Evers and, while having a career batting average of just.262, somehow hit nearly 30 points higher against the great Christy Mathewson.Tinker has a particularly big fan in Tim Wiles, the Hall of Fame's director of research, although unlike Christopher Tinker, he sports no tattoos."I'm a Cubs fan; I'm predisposed to Joe Tinker," Wiles said. "My great-grandfather played in the major leagues, so I perfectly understand why someone who's never met his great-grandfather would be strongly affected by him." Wiles was referring to Ben Caffyn, an outfielder for Cleveland in.Christopher Tinker was born nearly two decades after his great-grandfather died, broke, in, having lost nearly all of his savings to swindlers and poor investments, along with a leg to diabetes. His first wife, Ruby, shot herself to death on Christmas Day in. Christopher remembers listening to Joe's son William describe the scene.
Perhaps no Pennsylvania public official has been more involved with the Penn State child sexual abuse scandal than Gov . Tom Corbett .In, when he was the state's attorney general, Corbett began an investigation into allegations that the former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky had abused young boys . Later, as governor, Corbett took a seat on Penn State's board of trustees, serving in that post as his former office brought charges against Sandusky and three top university officials, and as the N.C.A.A. levied severe penalties against the university and its football program.Now, Corbett has sued the N.C.A.A. on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania, alleging that it was "overreaching and unlawful" in how it punished the university, and that it broke antitrust laws and harmed residents in the process."These sanctions did not punish Sandusky, nor did they punish the others who have been criminally charged," Corbett said Wednesday at a news conference in State College, Pa. "Rather, they punished the past, the present, the local businesses and the citizens of Pennsylvania ."The lawsuit, a straightforward challenge to the N.C.A.A.'s authority, asks a federal court to throw out all of the penalties against Penn State's football program, including a $60 million fine, the vacating of a decade's worth of victories, and a four-year ban on postseason play. However, some legal experts, including ones who have litigated against the N.C.A.A. on antitrust matters, said the governor would probably face difficulty in building a successful case, considering that the university accepted the penalties when they were announced in July. Penn State is not a party to the lawsuit. It said Wednesday that it planned to continue to comply with the N.C.A.A.'s punishment, which began this season. The team finished 8-4 but was not eligible to play in a bowl game ."The school has agreed to be bound by the N.C.A.A. rules; the school has accepted this penalty," said Steve Berman, a Seattle -based lawyer who has sued the N.C.A.A. in matters unrelated to the Sandusky case . "Outsiders are going to have a tough time claiming they have standing to challenge what is going on."Another lawyer who has litigated against the N.C.A.A., Stephen Morrissey, said there could be potential weaknesses in Corbett's assertion that he brought the case on behalf of aggrieved businesses and residents. Such legal theory, he said, is typically applied in cases in which consumers are hurt financially ."The harm to consumers here, I guess, is that they don't get to watch Penn State football play in bowl games they might have qualified for," Morrissey said.More than two decades ago, courts rejected a similar lawsuit by supporters of Southern Methodist after the N.C.A.A. shut down the university's football team — delivering the so-called death penalty — when it was found that players had been paid from a slush fund .But in the case of Penn State, Corbett said, the N.C.A.A. violated its own bylaws and forced university officials to accept the punishments under the threat of worse consequences as they were reeling from the public shame of the Sandusky scandal.Sandusky, a former top assistant to the longtime coach Joe Paterno, is serving 30 to 60 years in prison after being found guilty in June of 45 counts of abuse. Three university officials, including the former president Graham B. Spanier, have been criminally charged with taking steps to cover up his misconduct and are facing trials.In the 43-page lawsuit filed in the Middle District of Pennsylvania, Corbett described the N.C.A.A. as an embattled organization, facing criticism for not being tough enough on universities with elite athletic programs when it came to compliance matters.The suit said that the N.C.A.A.'s president, Mark Emmert, saw the "indictment of a despicable child predator" as "the opportunity he needed to signal emphatically that the N.C.A.A. — his N.C.A.A. — would never again be regarded as soft on disciplining its member institutions ."The lawsuit alleged that the N.C.A.A. violated antitrust laws, saying Emmert and the organization "exercised their power through a never-before-used process, one specifically designed to cripple a member institution's football program." The lawsuit said that N.C.A.A. leaders, rather than traditional investigators, imposed the penalties, putting aside rules and asserting unusual authority in punishing the university.
 WASHINGTON — With the resolution of the year-end fiscal crisis just hours old, the next political confrontation is already taking shape as this city braces for a fight in February over raising the nation's borrowing limit . But it is a debate President Obama says he will have nothing more to do with.Even as Republicans vow to leverage a needed increase in the federal debt limit to make headway on their demands for deep spending cuts, Mr. Obama — who reluctantly negotiated a deal like that 18 months ago — says he has no intention of ever getting pulled into another round of charged talks on the issue with Republicans on Capitol Hill ."I will not have another debate with this Congress over whether or not they should pay the bills that they've already racked up through the laws that they passed," the president said Tuesday night after he successfully pushed Republicans to allow tax increases on wealthy Americans . On Wednesday, he signed the legislation.The president's position is sure to appeal to his liberal allies, who fear another round of compromises by Mr. Obama . But it once again sets the stage for a nail-biting standoff that economists warn could lead to a damaging financial default and doubt from investors about the ability of the country to pay its obligations.Moody's, the rating agency, warned on Wednesday that the looming political battles over the nation's debt could lower the group's rating of American debt ."We're in for another round of brinkmanship and uncertainty," said Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody's Analytics, who predicted weeks of "angst, discussion and hand-wringing " in Washington . "I don't think the economy can really find its footing and jump to a higher level of growth until we get to the other side of this."Joel Prakken, senior managing director of Macroeconomic Advisers, an economics forecasting firm, said bluntly, "This is kind of a mess."The financial imperative for an increase in the debt limit comes at a time of increasingly sour relations between the president and his Republican adversaries in the House. To secure a deal to avert automatic tax increases and spending cuts on Jan. 1, Mr. Obama was forced into last-minute talks with Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, after weeks of negotiations with Speaker John A. Boehner in the House collapsed amid acrimony and internal Republican dissension .Now, the president and Mr. Boehner are signaling a fresh round of take-it-or-leave it stands that are in sharp opposition : The president says increasing the borrowing limit is nonnegotiable, while Republicans say the House is all but certain to pass a bill that raises the debt limit only in exchange for significant cuts — a challenge to Mr. Obama and the Democratic-controlled Senate .Smarting from the president's victory on taxes over the New Year's holiday, Republicans in Congress are betting that their refusal to raise the.4 trillion debt ceiling will force Mr. Obama to the bargaining table on spending cuts and issues like changes in Medicare and Social Security .But doing so would inevitably reprise the bitter debate over the debt ceiling that took place in the summer of, when the government came close to defaulting on its debt before lawmakers and the president agreed to a 10-year package of spending cuts in exchange for Republican agreement to raise the debt ceiling by about the same amount.And that is exactly what Republicans want — again."If they want to get the debt limit raised, they are going to have to engage and accept that reality," said Brendan Buck, a spokesman for Mr. Boehner . "The president knows that." Senator Patrick J . Toomey, Republican of Pennsylvania, said flatly that his party should risk the possibility of default — including interruptions in federal benefit checks and paychecks for government workers — if it was the only way to compel the president to support deep spending cuts that will reduce the deficit ."That's disruptive, but it's a hell of a lot better than the path that we're on," Mr. Toomey said Wednesday on MSNBC . "We absolutely have to have this fight over the debt limit ." The Republican Party's caucus in the House will discuss a debt ceiling strategy at a private retreat in Williamsburg, Va., this month, according to a top Republican aide, who said they were determined to insist again on spending cuts that equal the amount of increase in how much the country can borrow."The speaker told the president to his face that everything you want in life comes with a price," the aide said. "That doesn't change here. I don't think he has any choice."
 WASHINGTON (AP) — American manufacturing grew slightly last month and factory hiring increased. The modest gains suggested that the economy entered the new year with some momentum.The Institute for Supply Management, a trade group for purchasing managers, said on Wednesday that its index of manufacturing activity rose in December to.7. That is up from a reading of.5 in November, which was the lowest reading since July, one month after the recession ended .A reading above 50 indicates growth, while a reading below signals contraction .A measure of employment increased last month to.7. That is up from.4 in November, which was the first time the employment gauge fell below 50 in three years. Factories have cut jobs in three of the four months through November, according to government data. The increase in employment in the I.S.M. survey suggests manufacturers may have stepped up hiring last month.The Labor Department is scheduled to report on December employment on Friday.A gauge of new orders was unchanged and production grew more slowly, the survey found. Manufacturers also cut back on stockpiles, a sign of concern about future demand .The closely watched manufacturing survey was completed before Congress reached a deal to avoid the impending expiration of Bush era tax cuts .The last-minute deal passed Tuesday averts widespread tax increases and delays deep spending cuts that had threatened to push the country back into recession . But most Americans will see some increase in taxes this year, which will most likely slow consumer spending .A gauge of export orders rose above 50 for the first time in six months, according to the I.S.M. survey. That is a hopeful sign that overseas economies are improving, raising demand for American goods.A survey in China on Monday found manufacturing activity in that country expanded for the third consecutive month. That adds to evidence that its economy is improving after a slowdown last year. Growth in the American economy is being driven by other sectors, like housing. The Commerce Department reported Wednesday that construction companies spent more on home building in November, rising.4 percent for its eighth monthly increase .Overall construction spending, however, slipped.3 percent because of a.5 percent drop in spending on federal government projects. Spending on commercial buildings, like office buildings and shopping malls, also fell. This was the first decline in overall construction spending since March and followed a.7 percent increase in October, which was revised lower.There have been some positive signs for factory production . In November, companies substantially increased their orders for a category of large equipment that reflects their investment plans. That followed a big increase in the same category in October.
Even though Congress's last-minute deal means higher taxes for almost all Americans, businesses and consumers are relieved that some of the uncertainty about what they will owe the government this year is gone."Once something gets settled, even if it's not the most popular settlement option, it still gives you a sense of what the rules are and what you need to do to readjust," said Sam Ramey, the owner of Sultan Mediterranean Cafe in North Andover, Mass., who says he hopes the deal will bolster the spirits of his customers ."It's not that you say 'Today I'm not buying a sandwich because of all the uncertainty,' but if you don't feel that ease of mind that lets you go out and buy a sandwich, you don't go out and buy a sandwich," he said.Congress's compromise on taxes eliminates some uncertainty. But there's no getting around the outcome that it will also reduce how much consumers have available to spend on dining out and other discretionary expenses .Altogether, the end of the payroll tax holiday, the income tax increase on the wealthiest Americans and other provisions will probably shave.7 to.5 percentage points off economic growth in, estimate many economists. They are forecasting growth in output this year of just over 2 percent, almost identical to that of.The housing rebound, the natural gas boom, looser credit for small businesses, pent-up demand for new cars and other encouraging trends will be tempered by the fiscal tightening, though not nearly as much as if taxes had risen as they were scheduled to do without a deal."We've definitely averted the worst-case recession scenario," said Jay Feldman, an economist at Credit Suisse . "We're still looking at some fiscal drag, but it's an amount the economy can absorb."The tax deal is also expected to result in hiring growth at last year's pace, meaning the creation of,000 to,000 payroll jobs a month, according to Michael Gapen, senior United States economist and asset allocation strategist at Barclays .Without the tax increases, employers would probably be adding more than,000 jobs a month.Altogether, that means the economy will "create,000 fewer jobs in 2013 — leaving the unemployment rate .4 percentage point higher — than it would have if the 2012 tax policies had been kept in place," said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics .Congress's tax deal will be felt most keenly in the beginning of the year, since workers around the country immediately have to start paying an additional 2 percent in taxes on their wages and salaries as a result of the end of the temporary payroll tax holiday."That may surprise a lot of people as Christmas shopping bills come due and they find they have less in their paychecks," said Mr. Feldman.Most analysts' estimates for the fiscal bargain's effects on the economy do not take into account remaining negotiations over major spending cuts and an increase in the debt ceiling . Congress seems unlikely to resolve either of these issues until March."Only part of the poison pill that gave us the fiscal cliff has been addressed," said Bernard Baumohl, chief global economist at the Economic Outlook Group. "What Congress did in the last 48 hours is effectively strap on a bungee cord to the economy . That is, we fell off the cliff briefly on Jan. 1, then bounced back safely onto the cliff after both houses passed tax accord." Congress decided to pause for two months on the $110 billion in mandated spending cuts set to take effect in. These cuts would be evenly divided between defense and nondefense federal spending, and military contractors and other companies that rely heavily on federal money are expected to pull back some in the coming months, said Michael Feroli, the chief United States economist at JPMorgan Chase .It remains unclear how much of these cuts will materialize when Congress is done haggling. Neither the Republicans nor the Democrats want them to take effect in full, a result that would shave around a half to a full percentage point off output growth this year.The across-the- board reductions may be swapped out at least in part for other, unknown kinds of spending cuts or tax increases, which has left some Americans concerned about whether they might be in the cross hairs themselves. Republicans have been pushing for a new formula that would curb Social Security benefits, for example."Hopefully Congress has at least some compassion left buried in their minds and hearts and will step up to the plate and make sure our benefits aren't cut," said Terry Grigg, 63, of San Diego . His only income is about,000 from Social Security and disability benefits while he undergoes treatments for invasive skin cancer and a hernia. "That would really be a slap in the face to the common man, to seniors, to vets." Medicare would be the primary target for cuts if Congress wanted to address the country's long-term debt problems, many economists say. So far, though, most politicians have been reluctant to do so."From a political standpoint we've got this tax deal done," said Steve Blitz, director and chief economist at ITG Investment Research . "Then we need to get this debt ceiling and spending piece done. And I think if we can get the second piece done, however minimal it ends up being, that allows the process to begin a serious discussion on the obvious: medical costs ."
Nearly $250 million for Hollywood . Over $330 million for the railroad industry. More than $220 million for rum producers. And $62 million for doing business in American Samoa .While taxes are expected to increase for most Americans as a result of the deal between the White House and Congress to end the fiscal impasse in Washington, corporate America was more fortunate. A bevy of tax breaks and credits that had been scheduled to expire at the end of 2012 will be extended for another year, costing taxpayers .1 billion over the next decade, according to Congress's Joint Committee on Taxation .The preservation of these subsidies and deductions has become a perennial Washington ritual in recent years, with lobbyists and companies and their allies on Capitol Hill securing their survival in the fine print of the tax code . Washington's inability to close many of these loopholes is a sign of just how reluctant business is to sacrifice prized subsidies despite loud calls from many chief executives in recent months to raise taxes, cut spending and deal with huge budget deficits ."Except for the people who like it, it's a giveaway," said Eric Toder, co-director of the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center. "It's hard to mobilize opposition, but the people who benefit from it benefit a lot."Many of the provisions survive because they are so obscure. A $62 million tax credit for employers in American Samoa benefits StarKist, which is the largest private employer in the South Pacific island chain, with nearly,000 workers there. The tax break was supported by Jeff Bingaman, Democrat of New Mexico, who as former chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee was an advocate for American territories that lack formal Senate representation."We support the development credit, and it's a key factor in our ability to maintain competitive operations in American Samoa," said Mary Sestric, a spokeswoman for StarKist. "This is a big priority for us." Corporations were keenly sensitive to changes in broader tax policy, in addition to benefiting from direct tax breaks . For example, Goldman Sachs distributed $65 million in stock to 10 senior executives in December instead of January, when the firm typically makes such awards. That move helped them avoid the higher tax rates that will now be imposed on income of,000 or more.The chief executive of Goldman, Lloyd C. Blankfein, was among the most prominent corporate executives who backed higher taxes as part of a broader deficit-reduction package. He and other business leaders also met with President Obama late last year as the White House sought support from corporate America during negotiations with Republicans in Congress .Some subsidies, like a break for research by companies, can actually have long-term benefits for the economy, defenders argue.Others, like the one that allows filmmakers to deduct the first $15 million in production expenses for movies made in the United States, are much more narrowly focused but have loyal supporters that manage to keep them alive year after year. Another beneficiary of Congressional largess is Nascar, which will enjoy a $78 million subsidy for racetrack construction over the next 10 years."Once they get in, they tend to stay in," said Alan Auerbach, director of the Robert D. Burch Center for Tax Policy and Public Finance at the University of California, Berkeley.Besides the.1 billion in corporate incentives over the next 10 years, there is another.1 billion in breaks for alternative energy, much of that going to companies as well. Producers of biodiesel, for example, will reap more than $2 billion in tax breaks . And while it may not exactly be an alternative source of energy, producers of coal on Indian lands retained $1 million in tax breaks — a provision backed by Max Baucus, the Montana Democrat who is chairman of the Finance Committee .The wind industry, a chief beneficiary of support from Washington, will get $12 billion in subsidies over the next decade. In fact, the benefits that were included for the wind sector are slightly broader now than in previous years.Under the new rules, contained in the legislation that Mr. Obama signed on Wednesday, new wind farms will be covered by a production tax credit or an investment tax credit similar to the ones that just expired, but the projects will not need to be finished by the end of this year to qualify; they simply must have been started in.The American Wind Energy Association, a trade group, said in an e-mail to its members that the change was made by  Congress "specifically in order to accommodate the business timelines of our industry." The business has been in a tax -driven boom-and-bust cycle.The renewal of the tax benefits was pushed strongly by Mr. Bingaman, Mr. Baucus and Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa . When the Senate began considering " tax extenders," or continuations of various tax breaks, wind advocates pushed to have all of them included."There always seemed to be some bipartisan support for this," said Philip D. Tingle, a lawyer who specializes in energy taxes . "The element, the issue was, how they were going to pay for it." The renewal will probably cost the Treasury about $12 billion, although the wind industry insists that it will generate so much taxable activity that total tax revenue, including those at the state and local level, will exceed the tax expenditure .The industry undertook a large lobbying campaign and says it generated more than,000 letters, e-mails and other communications with Congress . It took nearly 100 members of Congress on tours of wind farms and factories where components are built. The issue may be more regional than partisan; according to the American Wind Energy Association, 80 percent of wind farms are in Congressional districts represented by Republicans, as are 67 percent of the factories .The tax credits were also extended to cover electricity made from biomass, tides and ocean waves, landfill methane and improvements to hydroelectric stations.
 Obama administration officials unveiled rules on Wednesday that will allow many American citizens — perhaps hundreds of thousands — to avoid long separations from immediate family members who are illegal immigrants as they apply to become legal residents.The rules, announced by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, create a waiver that bypasses an arcane Catch-22 in immigration law . It had presented Americans with the prospect of being separated for up to a decade from immigrant spouses, children or parents who were applying for the legal documents known as green cards .Until now, the risks for those immigrants of leaving the United States to return to their native countries to pick up their visas, even ones that were already approved, had been so great that countless families decided not to apply, adding to the numbers of immigrants living illegally in this country.The immigration authorities will begin accepting applications for the waivers on March. Administration officials first announced the policy change a year ago, but they have been receiving public comments and making revisions before publishing the final rules.It is generally straightforward for American citizens to obtain green cards for foreign-born spouses or minor children, and in some cases for parents. But if the immigrants entered the United States illegally, they must return to their native countries to receive their visas from American consulates there. However, under a 1996 statute, once illegal immigrants leave this country, they are barred automatically from returning for at least three and as many as 10 years.Even immigrants who did not incur any bars to re-entry were often stranded overseas for many months while consulates completed their applications.With the new rules, Americans' family members can apply in the United States for a waiver from the bars to re-entry, before they leave to pick up their visas. Officials estimated the time immigrants would have to spend out of the country would be reduced to "a matter of weeks.""One of the critical benefits is that the individual will not be separated from the United States citizen family member during the application process," said Alejandro Mayorkas, the director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, the agency that issues green cards .For immigrants, officials said, having an approved waiver in hand before leaving the country would also eliminate many doubts about whether they would ultimately receive their visas."This rule is leaps and bounds better than what we have now," said Laura Lichter, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association. "For families that were sitting on the fence, unwilling to subject their loved ones to the uncertainty, now they don't have to wait."Ms. Lichter said many families would still face a hurdle in coming up with the $585 application fee for the waiver.One American who was heartened by the new rule is Erika Torres, 30. She has been married for six years to a Mexican man who was brought illegally to the United States 24 years ago, when he was. Ms. Torres, speaking by telephone on Wednesday, said she and her husband, who have known each other since they were children, now own a home and a winemaking business in Cambria, Calif.Like many Americans, Ms. Torres said she expected no difficulty gaining legal documents for her husband once they were married. But after learning about the convoluted visa process, she said, "We have waited because we were just terrified of the separation."Ms. Torres said her husband would probably have to collect his visa from the American Consulate in Ciudad Juárez, Mexico, a city racked by drug trafficking violence . "He would be a prime target for kidnappers," she said."We are a team," Ms. Torres said, adding that she feared she would not be able to sustain their business without her husband's help. She said they would apply for a waiver as soon as they became available.The rules do not give any legal status to illegal immigrants or shortcut the underlying application. In order to receive green cards, immigrants must still show that it would cause "extreme hardship" to an American citizen if they were deported."It is a limited change, but a definitely a good step forward in the right direction," said Randall Emery, president of American Families United, an organization of thousands of Americans with family members who are illegal immigrants .Ms. Lichter called on Congress to change the law to eliminate the snag created by the automatic bars. "This is a great solution to a problem that should never have existed in the first place," she said.
 TOKYO — The pink Toyota Crown sedan that took center stage at a holiday event here last week was meant to shock, and it did.The Crown, the preferred ride of staid Japanese executives, had received an edgy makeover. With a new oversize grille, vamped-up hybrid engine and an unveiling at a fashion mall, there was nothing stodgy about this car."My initial reaction was: 'You're kidding! Please, not pink,' " Akio Toyoda, the Toyota chief executive and a scion of the Japanese automaker's founding family, told reporters at the event. "But being reborn does mean taking on new challenges."Toyota has spent much of the last year trying to leave behind what has been a tumultuous four years in which the automaker booked its largest loss ever, became embroiled in a recall scandal, struggled with a decimated supply chain after the 2011 tsunami and weathered the punishing effects of a strong yen .One by one, the pieces have been falling into place.In, Toyota leapfrogged General Motors and Volkswagen to regain its title as the world's largest automaker, selling.7 million vehicles, a record for the company . Now the company is on the cusp of a recovery, analysts say, that could put it on track to post the kind of growth promised before the crises ."Toyota is now in the position — for the first time in years — where it is beating market expectations while its peers are disappointing," Clive Wiggins, a Tokyo -based autos analyst for Macquarie, said in a recent note to clients . "We expect earnings to continue beating expectations over the next three years."Last week, Toyota agreed to pay more than $1 billion to settle a class-action suit over claims that its electronic malfunctions caused its cars to accelerate without warning, one of the largest payouts ever for an automotive lawsuit. Toyota still faces personal injury and wrongful death lawsuits, as well as an unfair business practices case brought by 28 attorneys general in the United States . But the company's.1 billion charge against earnings for the class action was seen as a significant step toward closing the chapter on its recall problems.There have been other signs of change. The company supply chain bounced back more quickly than predicted, profits are on the rise and the yen has started to weaken after the newly installed prime minister, Shinzo Abe, promised to drive down that currency.And there is a loud message of change being sounded through the stepped-up emphasis on design — with both Toyota and Lexus models getting new looks, including the pink Crown. "It's actually a beautiful color," Mr. Toyoda said.Toyota's rebound has been centered in the United States, where its sales increased.8 percent last year to.88 million vehicles through November. That's more than double the industrywide increase of.9 percent over the same period.The biggest contributors have been stalwart products such as the Camry, and the expanded line of Prius hybrid models. Through November, combined sales of Prius cars had risen.3 percent in, as the company continued to dominate the hybrid segment.The company is also betting on a revamped version of a perennial also-ran, the Avalon sedan. Sales of the current version of the car were down 5 percent last year. The new model, with its wide-mouth grille and sculptured headlamps, reflects the company's efforts to appeal to younger buyers . Toyota is trying to shave 10 years off the average age of buyers, now in the mid-60s.The Avalon, which was designed and engineered in Michigan and is being built at Toyota's assembly plant in Kentucky, is also a test of how much Japanese officials can delegate decision-making to the company's subsidiaries . Promoted as Toyota's most American vehicle ever, the Avalon is the first Toyota prototype not developed in Japan but at the sprawling Toyota Technical Center near Ann Arbor, Mich., where,100 employees work.
 Wall Street cheered an agreement that ended the fiscal impasse in Washington, sending the Standard & Poor's 500 to its biggest gains in more than a year on Wednesday.After being restrained for much of the last three months by the political squabbling over an array of tax increases and spending cuts known as the fiscal cliff, investors demonstrated their new willingness to take risks in a broad array of financial markets around the world.Shares in more speculative investments rose much faster than blue chips, sending the Russell 2000 index of smaller companies up.8 percent to.42, its highest level ever. The benchmark S.& P. 500-stock index rose .5 percent, or.23 points, to,462.42. One more day of the same magnitude will bring the index to its highest level since the 2008 financial crisis ."You've just removed a huge worry from the market," said Jonathan Lewis, the chief investment officer at Samson Capital Advisors. "We've been in a never-never land where markets have not been able to take their attention off Washington ." Congress signed off on the deal late Tuesday night, and it immediately sent stocks soaring first in Asia and then in Europe. Leading indexes rose.6 percent in France, 2.2 percent in Germany and.9 percent in Hong Kong . Markets in Japan and mainland China were closed for holidays. The Dow Jones industrial average rose .4 percent, or.41 points, to,412.55. The Nasdaq composite index increased by.1 percent, or.75 points, to,112.26.Only 31 stocks in the S.& P. 500 dropped on Wednesday. Technology and financial stocks did particularly well, as did stocks that offer generous dividends. The agreement on Tuesday raised the tax rate on dividends to 20 percent from 15 percent, less than President Obama had proposed.In the United States, share prices gained most in the first 30 minutes of the day and then plateaued before a brief spike just before trading closed.Many market strategists were worried that Wednesday's rally would not last long because of the questions that were not addressed by the fiscal accord. While the deal provides a long-term settlement on tax rates, it delayed for only two months $110 billion of spending cuts that were supposed to start on Jan. 1. Congress also put off a decision about limits on government borrowing, known as the debt ceiling . The Treasury Department has said that the government hit the ceiling at the end of 2012 and it will be able to finance the budget only by using extraordinary measures until March. Republican leaders in the House of Representatives have said they will raise the borrowing limit only if Democrats agree to more spending cuts .That debate may well be more fractious than what has taken place in recent weeks, analysts said.Leon LeBrecque, the founder of the asset management firm LJPR, said that Wednesday's rally would not last long as investors turned their attention to the unanswered questions ."We're in a three-act play, but we're only through with Act," said Mr. LeBrecque. "Everyone is happy about the first act. The real question is what happens next."The last time the government reached its borrowing limit, in, Congress approved an increase at the last minute. This led Standard & Poor's ratings services to strip the United States of its triple-A credit rating . There is widespread concern that one of the other two major credit ratings agencies will lower their rating of American government debt in the coming months .On Wednesday, Moody's Investors Service said that the fiscal pact did not help the nation's debt and deficit problems and "will likely be a constraint on growth in coming quarters ." It said the looming negotiations over spending cuts and lifting the debt ceiling add "uncertainty to the outcome of negotiations .""The debt trajectory resulting from this process is likely to determine whether the Aaa rating is returned to a stable outlook or downgraded" by one notch to Aa, the Moody's report said.But there is hope in some quarters of Wall Street that with each new crisis, and each last-minute fix, the risks to the markets grow less severe as investors become convinced that politicians eventually find solutions to their disagreements. Michael Purves, the chief global strategist for Weeden & Company, compared the debates in Washington to horror movies : "Once you see the first movie, the sequels are never as scary."He said that at least for the near term, the resolution in Washington should allow investors to focus on the growing signs of improvements in the American economy .The Institute for Supply Management said on Wednesday that manufacturing in the United States expanded slightly in December. Its manufacturing activity index rose to.7 points in December, up from.5 in November. Even more important data will come on Friday, when the monthly jobs report is released.In the bond market, investors sold off the longer-dated Treasuries that have been used as safe havens in recent years . The price of the Treasury's 10-year note fell, to, while its yield rose to.84 percent, from.76 percent late Monday .
 WASHINGTON — With the contentious 112th Congress coming to a close, the talks between the White House, Senate Republicans and Senate Democrats that secured a path around a looming fiscal crisis on Tuesday may point the way forward for President Obama as he tries to navigate his second term around House Republicans intent on blocking his agenda in the 113th.For two years, the president has seen House Republican leaders as the key to legislative progress, and he has pursued direct talks with Speaker John A. Boehner of Ohio and Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia, the majority leader . That avenue of negotiation proved fruitless, in large part because House Republicans were deeply divided about any compromise that Mr. Obama would accept. The failure led Mr. Boehner to tell his colleagues this week that he would not be engaging in any more one-on-one negotiations with the president.But negotiations over the fiscal impasse pointed to a new and unlikely path as more fiscal deadlines approach. In this case, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader and a veteran legislative dealmaker, initiated negotiations with Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr ., which instigated talks between them and the Senate majority leader, Harry Reid of Nevada . That produced sweeping tax legislation that averted large tax increases for most Americans and across-the- board spending cuts .Then both Senate leaders worked hard to deliver the votes of a vast majority of their reluctant members, isolating House Republican leaders, who found themselves with no way forward other than to put the bill before the House and let Democrats push it over the finish line ."I think this is the fourth time that we've seen this play out, where Boehner finally relents and lets the House consider a measure, and Democrats provide the votes to pass it," said Senator Richard J . Durbin of Illinois, the Senate's second-ranking Democrat . "When they reach the point where their hand is forced, where there's no other place to turn, they'll do the right thing."That realization may lead to a more formalized process to begin bipartisan negotiations in the Senate to put pressure on the House. The deal that passed on Tuesday lifted the threat of tax increases that could have crippled the economy, but in other ways it compounded near-term fiscal threats. The government reached its statutory borrowing limit on Monday, giving Congress at best two to three months to raise the debt ceiling or risk a debilitating default on federal debt .Around the same time, a two-month delay in the institution of across-the- board military and domestic spending cuts will lapse. Then, by the end of March, the current stopgap spending law financing the federal government will end, raising the specter of another government shutdown .If House Republicans believe they can use those deadlines to extract concessions from the president on spending cuts, the White House may go elsewhere for a deal, Democrats say.An official knowledgeable about the last negotiations said on Wednesday that the president would use such a strategy only if he was convinced that House Republican leaders would not or could not compromise. But in meeting with Senate Democrats on Monday and House Democrats on Tuesday, Mr. Biden labored to convince lawmakers that the White House had a way forward that would avoid last-minute theatrics and would not entail a stream of compromises on party principles, according to lawmakers who were there."One of the main concerns is, where do we go from here?" said Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, adding that Democrats feared that compromises on tax increases for the rich in the deal approved on Tuesday would lead to cuts in Social Security and Medicare in the next round of talks . "He has a game plan for that."A senior Democrat said that game plan would start in the coming weeks, when Mr. Obama addresses his agenda in his State of the Union address and lays out his budget for the 2014 fiscal year, due in early February.That opening bid should restart talks with Congress on an overarching agreement that would lock in deficit reduction through additional revenue, changes to entitlement programs and more spending cuts, to be worked out by the relevant committees in Congress . But this time, those talks might start in the Senate . House Republican aides said the past few weeks were unique and not indicative of anything going forward. The president won re- election on a pledge to raise taxes on income over,000. His mandate does not extend beyond that, one aide said. Besides, officials in both parties warn, neither Mr. Reid nor Mr. McConnell will want to lead on the difficult issues now in view. Mr. Reid was reluctant, at best, about joining the Biden - McConnell talks .And Mr. McConnell has made it clear that future deficit deals should be done through "regular order" — Congressional committees, Senate and House debates and open negotiations, not private talks . Officials in both parties worry that as his 2014 re- election campaign gets closer, Mr. McConnell will be increasingly reluctant to have his fingerprints on deals with the president.Even if a Senate route can be institutionalized, Mr. Durbin said he doubted that it would smooth the passage of bipartisan deals, given the difficulties Mr. Boehner has getting his troops in line. "His anguish has a timetable. It goes through phases and places that I don't understand," Mr. Durbin said of the speaker. "And I am afraid every scary chapter has to play out every step of the way before anything is resolved."Michael Steel, a spokesman for Mr. Boehner, said the last-minute crunch that produced the tax accord was necessary only because the Senate refused to act earlier. The House passed legislation months ago to extend all the expiring Bush-era tax cuts and to stop automatic military cuts by shifting them to domestic programs .
Oregon's DeAnthony Thomas raced 94 yards for a touchdown on the opening kickoff . The fifth-ranked Ducks barely looked back after that. Oregon beat No. 7 Kansas State, 35-17, on Thursday night in the Fiesta Bowl in Glendale, Ariz. Oregon (12-1) was too much for Kansas State (11-2) and its Heisman Trophy finalist, Collin Klein.Thomas followed his early scoring return with a 23-yard touchdown catch, finishing with 195 total yards .Kenjon Barner ran for 143 yards on 31 carries and scored on a 24-yard touchdown pass from Marcus Mariota in the second quarter. Mariota later scored on a 2-yard run in the third quarter, capped by an obscure 1-point safety that went in the Ducks' favor.Even Oregon's defense got into the act, intercepting Klein twice and holding him to 30 yards on 13 carries .Thomas offered the first flash of speed. The Ducks went for 2 on the point-after attempt and converted on a trick play to go ahead, 8-0, in the game's first 12 seconds.Mariota ended a long drive in the third quarter with an easy 2- yard touchdown run to the left. Kansas State's Javonta Boyd blocked the point-after attempt, but even that went wrong for the Wildcats : Chris Harper was tackled in the end zone for a bizarre 1-point safety that put Oregon ahead, 32-10.
 CAIRO — The Egyptian government on Thursday remained mired in a dispute between the Muslim Brotherhood, the country's leading Islamist movement, and the United Arab Emirates, which this week said that it had arrested several Egyptians accused of forming a Brotherhood cell, stealing state secrets and conspiring with Brotherhood leaders in Egypt.A high-level Egyptian delegation that included the country's intelligence chief flew to the United Arab Emirates this week to discuss the case of the imprisoned Egyptians, and to quiet escalating hostilities marked by accusations of meddling in each other's internal affairs . The crisis has posed a challenge to Egypt's president, Mohamed Morsi, a former leader of the Brotherhood, who represents a country trying to refresh its regional relationships while his critics continue to associate him with the Islamist group and its much narrower agenda.Complicating efforts to defuse the tension, a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman in Cairo on Thursday accused individuals in the emirates of a "conspiracy" to support members of Egypt's deposed government . The spokesman, Mohamed Ghozlan, said he was not accusing the government of being part of the conspiracy, but rather individuals including the chief of police in Dubai, one of the Brotherhood's loudest critics, and Ahmed Shafiq, a former Egyptian minister and presidential candidate who has taken up residence in the emirates.Mr. Ghozlan's comments highlighted an atmosphere of deepening mistrust between the Brotherhood and leaders in the United Arab Emirates since the Islamist group took power after the fall of President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt. The monarchies of the Persian Gulf have reacted with growing alarm to the revolutions in Egypt and other Arab countries, defending against the spread of the uprisings by spending money to placate citizens and cracking down on dissidents . Officials in the emirates, which had close relations with Mr. Mubarak's government, have leveled steady criticism at the Brotherhood, accusing it of "exporting" the revolution . Last year, the authorities there arrested 60 people whom they accused of belonging to a local Brotherhood -affiliated movement and of trying to establish an Islamic state .On Tuesday, a newspaper in the emirates, Al Khaleej, reported that the authorities had arrested more than 10 members of an Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood cell. Citing an "informed source," the paper said an investigation into the group's activities "over years" revealed that they had held secret meetings, collected classified information and created front organizations to raise money that they sent to the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood, the paper said.There was "continuous coordination" between the Egyptian organization and the cell, the paper said. The Brotherhood "conducted many courses and lectures for the members of the secret organization regarding the election and the ways of changing regimes in Arab countries," it added. Brotherhood officials in Egypt, saying their members were among those arrested, called the charges completely false. Relatives of the suspects said that they included doctors and engineers, and that the arrests started in November. On Wednesday, a senior aide to Mr. Morsi from the Brotherhood and Egypt's intelligence chief flew to the emirates to deliver a letter from the Egyptian president — a high-level intervention that once again opened Mr. Morsi to criticism of favoring the Brotherhood's interests.Mr. Ghozlan, the spokesman for the group, dismissed that criticism in a telephone interview on Thursday, saying Mr. Morsi had personally intervened to free an imprisoned journalist in Sudan who was not a Brotherhood member. Speaking of the emirates, he struck a conciliatory note, saying: "We don't fabricate crisis with anyone. We're very keen on having strong relationships with all countries . As the president said a few days ago, the security of the gulf is part of Egypt's security ." Nabil Fahmy, a former Egyptian ambassador to the United States and the dean of the School of Public Affairs at the American University of Cairo, said that the emirates seemed to be sending a message at home and abroad that "we will not accept any political activity of this nature." In sending the delegation, Mr. Morsi was trying to reinforce pledges he had made to protect Egyptian expatriates, while also fulfilling his obligations to the Brotherhood, Mr. Fahmy said.By sending his top aides, the Egyptian president also seemed to be telling the emirates' leaders that "we're not looking for an argument," Mr. Fahmy said. But the visit, he added, was unlikely to calm the "deeper sense of anxiety on both sides."
 LAS VEGAS — It is a Monday afternoon, and one of the most controversial figures in college basketball history sits quietly at the end of a rectangular table at Landry's, a seafood restaurant on West Sahara Avenue that is, both physically and metaphorically, a long, long way from the glitz and glitter of the Strip.The man's silence is jarring. All around him people are talking about the glory days of Nevada- Las Vegas basketball, but the man, Jerry Tarkanian — the Shark, the coach who won more than 700 games, earned a national championship and went to four Final Fours, all while fighting the N.C.A.A. and chomping wet towels on the sideline — stays mum.When Harvey Hyde, a former U.N.L.V. football coach, recalls how Frank Sinatra tried to help with basketball recruiting a few times, Tarkanian barely raises his head. (Sinatra was not all that successful; one of his targets, a New York prospect named Jim Graziano, went to South Carolina to play for Frank McGuire instead.)When Brad Rothermel, the former athletic director, laughs as he recalls the day Tarkanian heard some assistant coaches talking about how Bo Derek "was a 10" and said, with absolute sincerity, "We need to start recruiting him right away," Tarkanian does not chortle with the rest. He does not even look up.The stories keep flowing: the time when Tarkanian nearly got the coaching job at Indiana (the Hoosiers ended up hiring a man named Bob Knight; the back story to his nickname (it came from a Los Angeles Times columnist; even the history of Tarkanian's predilection for sucking on those towels. His son, Danny, explains that Tarkanian began the practice while coaching a high school team that played in a gym so hot it perpetually left Tarkanian with cotton mouth."He couldn't very well keep running to the water fountain!" Danny says. The others giggle; Tarkanian barely moves.As glasses clink and the room fills around them, Tarkanian stays hunched over, his fork going up and down slowly, like a rickety elevator. At one point Danny whispers beneath the din, "You O.K., Dad?" and Tarkanian stirs. "I'm... good," he croaks, but then he stares, quizzically, as Danny gestures over and over at his own chin. Eventually, Danny sighs; after a quick glance around, he surreptitiously reaches across the table to wipe a speck of salad from his father's mouth."It is different now," Danny says softly to the man sitting next to him. "There are different issues."Jerry Tarkanian is. His health, which began deteriorating about four years ago when he fell while walking in San Diego, has declined to the point that basic movements are difficult. When someone comes by for an introduction during the meal at Landry's, Tarkanian shakes hands with his left hand because his right is anchored to the table, as if to keep him from slumping over. His eyes, which drooped like week-old balloons when he was, now seem to hang to his neck. After eating, as Tarkanian makes his way to the parking lot, he hesitates as he steps down from the curb, putting his hand on the shoulder of a visitor and grunting hard as he guides his walker a few inches in front of him.His Division I coaching career, which covered 31 seasons, 3 colleges and countless hearings, depositions and court dates as he fought the governing body of the sport he loves, feels far away. In the car on the way back to the family home, a two-story Spanish-style house that Tarkanian and his wife, Lois, bought in, he is asked about his years of plenty. He nods twice when the championship team of 1990 is mentioned. He shakes his head when asked to remember coaching against John Wooden. "Played him three times," he says slowly. "Lost all three." He looks out the window. "Should have won one of them."As the car pulls into the driveway, past the mailbox with the basketball on it and around the corner from the small backyard court where friends and relatives and college students and celebrities have played casual games, Tarkanian is asked if he still watches basketball . For the first time all day, his face brightens. He smiles. "It's on all the time," he says. "We didn't have so much TV when I was coaching."And what does he think when he watches these days? Tarkanian turns in his seat and hacks through a laugh. It is almost as if he is trying to chuckle."I think," he says as he wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, "that it looks familiar."
 CLEVELAND — Whenever Nick Swisher was stationed in right field as a visiting player, he would revel in the song played in the bottom of the eighth inning . "Hang On Sloopy" has official song status in the state of Ohio, and when it blared from the Progressive Field loudspeakers, Swisher, who has roots here, would spell O-H-I-O with his body, Yankee uniform be damned.Little could Swisher have known that the music was only the opening bars to an eventual wedding waltz.The Indians' successful pursuit of Swisher was officially completed Thursday afternoon with a welcoming news conference that had everyone connected with the team grinning from start to finish. Putting on an Indians cap and a No. 33 jersey, Swisher could not contain a giddiness that he said sprang from joining a club he insisted was ready to do great things — and one located not that far from his native Columbus .The four-year, $56 million contract he signed might have played a role in his happiness, too, Swisher conceded."To be able to get that was great," he said of the deal.Of course, Swisher, 32, is almost always full of energy and enthusiasm — "When his eyes open on the pillow, he's already happy," Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman once said of him — so why should Thursday's introduction to Indians fans have been any different?Yes, he is leaving the Yankees, where he generally thrived for four seasons and won a championship ring. He will play for an Indians club that went 68-94 in 2012 and has not been to the postseason since. But he will also be playing for a popular players' manager in Terry Francona, who sat next to him Thursday.And ultimately, he is Swisher, upbeat to a fault. "Wassup, y'all?" he blurted as he greeted members of the news media as the news conference began. He then grabbed Francona's left shoulder and shook it, emitting a beaming grin from his new skipper .Several times, Swisher said that the Indians' decision to hire Francona was an indicator of the team's commitment winning. But the tributes to his new manager had to compete with all the grins and laughter he produced as he talked about his happiness about returning to his home state . "We're so excited about this chapter of our lives, and I can't wait to get going," Swisher said. Actually, he was referring both to joining the Indians and to the daughter he and his wife, the actress JoAnna Garcia Swisher, are expecting in May.The Indians courted the Swishers with a heavy dose of Ohio . When they walked onto the Progressive Field turf field two weeks ago, before a luncheon meeting, the scoreboard played the fight song for Ohio State, where Swisher played baseball . Videotaped messages from the Buckeyes' football coach, Urban Meyer, and basketball coach, Thad Matta, were displaced as the two men tried their hand at recruiting a professional athlete. When that luncheon began, Swisher turned around to find the former Ohio State football coach Jim Tressel ready to dine with him."We put on the full-court press with the Ohio State ties, and it worked," the Indians' senior vice president, Bob DiBiasio, said on Thursday.The state's ties run deep with the Swisher family. His father, the former major league catcher Steve Swisher, attended Ohio University. He said that he planned to see many of his son's games in person this season.The signing also brings the Swisher -Francona connection full circle. Francona noted Thursday that his manager in Colorado Springs in 1988 was Steve Swisher, and that he was the key to his returning to the major leagues as a player. And like his new player, Francona is the son of a major leaguer .All in all, Steve Swisher said in an interview, "there will be a whole lot of reunions" in Cleveland this season. The next one will occur the next time the Indians' new right fielder walks into Progressive Field. The team's home opener, on April, will be against the Yankees .
 San Francisco 49 ers kicker David Akers said Thursday he received death threats on Twitter and closed the account. He received the threats last month, but was unsure at the number because he did not go further back on his account to count.Once he saw them, he reported it to team and N.F.L. security personnel . The 49 ers said they were aware of the situation, as was the league . Akers has been in a slump compared with, when he made 44 of 52 field goals . This season he is 29 for.PLAYER IN CRASH WAS SOBER An autopsy has found that Dallas Cowboys practice squad player Jerry Brown Jr. was sober when he was killed in a crash that led to an intoxication manslaughter charge against the teammate at the wheel.The Dallas County medical examiner's office reported that Brown died of head and neck trauma when their vehicle overturned. He had a blood alcohol content of.056 percent. That is below the Texas drunken driving standard of.08 percent.The police have said Cowboys nose guard Josh Brent, who was driving, had a blood alcohol level twice the legal limit .ARIANS TO TALK WITH BEARS The Colts' offensive coordinator, Bruce Arians, has been given permission to interview with the Chicago Bears for their head- coaching job . The Bears are trying to replace Lovie Smith, who was fired Monday.Arians went 9-3 while filling in for Coach Chuck Pagano.JETS FIRE STAFF MEMBER The Jets fired another member of their staff — but not the beleaguered offensive coordinator Tony Sparano. They dismissed Bill Hughan, the head strength and conditioning coach, who oversaw a program that drew scrutiny during off-season workouts and training camp for what the team perceived as a high number of soft-tissue injuries, particularly among its receivers .Those injuries ultimately forced Coach Rex Ryan to amend the training-camp schedule to account for additional stretching. Hughan replaced Sal Alosi, who resigned after tripping the Dolphins' Nolan Carroll during a punt return, before the 2011 season. BEN SHPIGEL
 WASHINGTON — The State Department said Thursday that it had advised against a visit to North Korea by the former governor of New Mexico, Bill Richardson, and Google's executive chairman, Eric E. Schmidt.Neither Mr. Richardson nor Mr. Schmidt have publicly discussed reports of the possibility of such a trip or its purpose. The two men could not be reached for comment on Thursday.Victor D. Cha, an expert on North Korea at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that the visit might aid discussion of a humanitarian issue of concern to the United States : North Korea's detention last month of a naturalized American citizen born in South Korea . North Korea identified the man as Bae Jun-ho, and human rights activists as Kenneth Bae, 44. A report by the North's state-run Korean Central News Agency said, without elaborating, that Mr. Bae had admitted to committing " hostile acts against the republic," a crime punishable by a year in prison. The human rights activists said Mr. Bae had run a travel company that specialized in taking tourists and prospective investors to North Korea .His arrest came shortly after North Korea launched a long-range rocket that it insisted was part of a peaceful space program. But the United States asserts that the real purpose is to develop a ballistic missile as part of a military program. "Frankly, we don't think the timing of this is particularly helpful," the State Department spokeswoman, Victoria Nuland, said Thursday about talk of a trip by Mr. Richardson and Mr. Schmidt. "They are well aware of our views."Mr. Richardson has occasionally served as an unofficial mediator on seemingly intractable issues between North Korea and the United States . Mr. Schmidt has been a prominent campaign donor to President Obama .But the State Department underscored that the two men were not representing the administration . "They are private citizens," Ms. Nuland said. "They are traveling in an unofficial capacity . They are not going to be accompanied by any U.S. officials . They are not carrying any messages from us."Mr. Cha, who served on the staff of the National Security Council during the Bush administration, also speculated that a visit by the men might encourage Kim Jong-un, the young North Korean leader, to relax the state's rigid controls on information."The restricted control of information lies at the heart of the D.P.R.K. state, and yet it is about to host one of the West's greatest facilitators of borderless information flows," Mr. Cha added, using the acronym for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea . "If Google is the first small step in piercing the information bubble in Pyongyang, it could be a very interesting development."
 WASHINGTON — " Public service was never meant to be an easy living," Representative John A. Boehner lamented Thursday, moments after he overcame a Republican insurrection to win re- election as speaker of the House. For Mr. Boehner, it may only get tougher from here.After a tumultuous two years in which he struggled to maintain a grip on his fractious caucus, Mr. Boehner — who won the unanimous backing of his party when he was first elected speaker in 2011 — suffered the indignity of 12 Republican defections on the opening day of the 113th Congress . Nine cast their ballots for other people; two remained silent rather than vote, and one simply declared, "Present."For Mr. Boehner, 63, of Ohio, it was a warning shot from conservatives, a sobering reminder that while he may hold one of the most powerful jobs in Washington, his power is greatly diminished. His Republican ranks are thinner in the new Congress, and many of those who retired or were defeated are moderates who ordinarily backed him."He takes things in stride; he tries not to let it be personal," said Representative Greg Walden of Oregon, the new chairman of the committee charged with electing Congressional Republicans . "You can see it's eating on him. He's got the toughest job in the city, if not the country. He's having to be a one-man band right now in a very, very high-pressure situation."In the last several weeks alone, Mr. Boehner has watched, in humiliation, as his so-called Plan B, an alternative to tax cuts adopted by Congress on Tuesday, collapsed for lack of Republican support. He was sidelined in fiscal negotiations between Republicans and the White House, and then forced to accept a package many of his members opposed. Then Republicans from New York and New Jersey turned against him when he delayed a vote on $60 billion in aid to victims of Hurricane Sandy .And in the next few months, he will face new confrontations with President Obama over automatic spending cuts set to go into effect in March, and the so-called debt ceiling, which must be raised so that the government can borrow more money . Once again, Mr. Boehner will have to contend with the conservatives in his party, who remain furious over the recent tax legislation because it did not include spending cuts .Among them are several freshmen whose first act on Thursday was to vote against Mr. Boehner ."The challenge is no one is running against" Mr. Boehner for speaker, one of those newcomers, Representative Jim Bridenstine of Oklahoma, told his hometown newspaper, The Oklahoman. "So what does a guy like me do?"Mr. Bridenstine cast his ballot for Representative Eric Cantor, the No. 2 House Republican . Another freshman, Steve Stockman of Texas (who served one term in the mid-1990s, explained his decision to vote "present" by complaining that Mr. Boehner had "signed our country onto a fiscal suicide pact."All of which might lead a person to ask: Why does Mr. Boehner want this job, anyway?"He wants to do something big," said his communications director, Kevin Smith. "He's been here for 22 years, and becoming speaker is the first time he's had a real serious opportunity himself to lead an effort to do something big for this country in terms of getting spending under control. He wants to do something big on entitlements, and he wants to do something big on tax reform . That's why he's here."Despite the discontent, Mr. Boehner seemed confident of his re- election ; even before Thursday's vote, which took place shortly after noon, his office announced that he would hold a ceremonial swearing-in ceremony and picture-taking session later in the day. He did, smiling unfailingly and raising his right hand time and again for the cameras.Mr. Boehner is an unlikely person to have become speaker of the House. The son of a bar owner, Mr. Boehner grew up in a big Roman Catholic family — he was the second oldest of 12 children — that was not especially political. He put himself through college and went to work for a plastics distribution company, which he eventually wound up running.His interest in politics blossomed after he became active in the local homeowners association; eventually, he ran for the Ohio legislature . His experience in business gave him a keen interest in regulatory issues and other business concerns, which have been his signature issues.With his genial manner — and prodigious fund-raising efforts on behalf of fellow Republicans — Mr. Boehner has engendered considerable good will within his party . Though he lost the support of some of his fellow Republicans on Thursday, no one formally rose to challenge him."He's personally well liked, and I think that's important," said Ross K. Baker, an expert in Congress at Rutgers University . "There haven't been any coups mounted against Boehner, and I think that tells you something."But Mr. Boehner's good-natured demeanor can sometimes work against him. As one House Democrat said, insisting on anonymity to avoid angering a leader, Republicans like him, but they do not fear him. The most difficult task for any speaker is to keep his party in line, a lesson that Mr. Boehner has learned the hard way."It's a little bit like being the head caretaker of the cemetery," said Representative Hal Rogers, the Kentucky Republican, describing the challenge Mr. Boehner faces. "There are a lot of people under you, but nobody listens."
Even before they heard that family photographs were missing, investigators said they sensed something was not right with the scattered remains of Monserrate Shirley's home.An explosion inside her house devastated an Indianapolis neighborhood on Nov. 10, killing two neighbors, injuring 12 and damaging more than 30 homes beyond repair. Left behind were mounds of debris and questions about what caused the blast that would take investigators weeks to sort through — from suspicions of foul play to the nuances of microwave ovens."Virtually on Day, I think it's fair to say we knew an intentional act was involved," said Terry Curry, the Marion County prosecutor who brought murder and arson charges against Ms. Shirley and two others on Dec. 21. Authorities say there is a continuing investigation of a fourth, unidentified suspect.Nearly two months and 20 search warrants after the explosion, a multiagency effort of scientific and shoe-leather police work has unearthed an account of what investigators believe caused the blast and details of a suspected scheme to collect insurance money that went horribly, and fatally, wrong. Officials believe the home, in the Richmond Hill subdivision, had been saturated with natural gas for six to nine hours before it erupted at:11 p.m. The explosion was seen and felt for miles. It shattered windows and collapsed walls throughout the neighborhood, shoving some homes off their foundations. John D. Longworth and his wife, Jennifer, who lived in the house next door, did not survive."There were homes that were two blocks away that faced the other direction and their garage doors were buckled by the force of the blast," said Troy Riggs, director of public safety for Indianapolis . Around 200 police officers and firefighters secured and evacuated the neighborhood that night, he said. In all, the explosion caused an estimated .4 million in damage to the subdivision.Ms. Shirley, 47, and Mark Leonard, 43, her boyfriend, were 100 miles away at a casino when their home blew up. They had left town the night before, after Ms. Shirley's nursing shift at a local hospital, leaving her 12-year-old daughter at a friend's house for the weekend. Their Persian cat, Snowball, was boarded at a grooming business .Returning to a blitz of media attention, Ms. Shirley told the police and reporters that she was surprised and devastated by the blast. She said that furnace problems had forced the couple to spend the night at a hotel the previous weekend and that her daughter had smelled a gas -like odor in their garage and laundry room .But according to a probable-cause affidavit filed in court by prosecutors last month, doubts surfaced when local and federal explosives experts began sifting through the wreckage of Ms. Shirley's kitchen, where the blast appeared to have originated.Instead of being crushed, the microwave oven had blown apart from the inside out, investigators reported. A timer, they theorized, could have been set to turn the microwave on hours after everyone had left, sparking the gas explosion.After shoveling through the debris, investigators also said they were unable to find a crucial gas valve and another regulator part that would have limited the flow of gas from Ms. Shirley's fireplace, suggesting both may have been removed. Testing of gas mains throughout the neighborhood indicated no sign of accidental leaks.Within two weeks, officials believed they had enough evidence to announce that a homicide investigation was under way. By then, public suspicion had risen about the involvement of Ms. Shirley and Mr. Leonard."It's like waking up to this bad dream," Ms. Shirley said, crying as she spoke to The Indianapolis Star in November. "I mean, sometimes I wish I was there and I'd be dead and now I wouldn't have to be asked so many questions."An examination of Ms. Shirley's background revealed a history of troubled finances and, for the police, a possible motive. In, she and her husband filed for bankruptcy . Divorce documents showed that Ms. Shirley took control of two mortgages — now totaling more than,000 — and the bankruptcy payments after the couple split last year. She currently owes an additional,000 in credit card debt, investigators learned.Randall L. Cable, a lawyer for Ms. Shirley, did not respond to requests for comment, but in an interview before Ms. Shirley and Mr. Leonard were arrested on Dec. 21 he said that they were "as bewildered as everyone else" about the explosion. "It's always neater if they can blame somebody," Mr. Cable said, about police and news reporters, denying his client's involvement. Court documents show that circumstantial evidence against the couple continued to mount, including a,000 homeowners' policy on Ms. Shirley's personal property ; an account of a conversation between Mr. Leonard and a friend suggesting a failed attempt to detonate the house a week before the explosion; and evidence that a large plastic tote containing Ms. Shirley's family photographs and other personal items was given to Mr. Leonard's nephew for storage.Ms. Shirley, Mr. Leonard and his brother, Bob Leonard — who is suspected of entering the house on the afternoon of the explosion with another person — were arrested and jailed without bond. They each face two counts of felony murder, 45 counts of arson, and charges of conspiracy to commit arson. A lawyer for Bob Leonard, Ted Minch, said his client denied the allegations and expressed concern about Mr. Leonard getting a fair trial after the national attention the case has received. Mark Leonard's lawyer declined to comment .Last week, just days after the three defendants made their first appearance in court, workers began demolishing what little was left of the Richmond Hill residence where the Longworths were killed.Next door, authorities have kept Ms. Shirley's property secured as a crime scene . Behind a fence, the wreckage sits undisturbed by cleanup crews that have so far razed at least 21 houses in the neighborhood — a sign that more questions may linger.
 TEL AVIV — For 20 years Aviva, 48, flamboyant and transgendered, worked the streets of the business district of this Mediterranean city, as well as the seedy square mile around the central bus station and the Tel Baruch beach, once a notorious hub of Israeli prostitution that has become a spruced up stretch of sandy coast.Alona, 40, immigrated to Israel with her parents from Ukraine in the early 1990s. Her circumstances quickly degenerated from working in a casino to a life derailed by debts, drugs and prostitution. When she was not in prison, the squalid streets around the bus station became her home."In the streets there was no toilet, no toilet paper," Alona said. "I forgot a lot of things, like how to look after myself, to love myself. I learned to survive."Now, in an endeavor as far removed from their former lives as the gleaming banks and trendy boutiques of Tel Aviv are from the city's sleazy subculture, the two, who asked to be identified only by their first names, recently completed a free course in styling and the retail clothing business . Along with other former prostitutes who have received similar training in dress design and sewing, they are now aiming to find a place in the world of fashion. There is always demand for sales staff in Tel Aviv's bustling stores, and one talented graduate even went on to a professional design school on a scholarship."The course gave me a lot of self-confidence and knowledge," Aviva said. "Maybe one day I'll be able to start something of my own. When they gave me the certificate — the first in my life — I was proud of myself. I'd done something positive."The idea for the program grew up from the underside of Tel Aviv .The program's initiator, Lilach Tzur Ben-Moshe, was working as a fashion writer and editor at a leading Hebrew news Web site and volunteering at the city's rape crisis center when, four years ago, she moved to the dilapidated Shapira Quarter near the bus station . Her squalid new neighborhood exposed her to the full misery of the sex trade, and she determined to help women to leave it."I didn't want just to answer the phone in the help center," she said. "I wanted to offer something more optimistic, more beautiful, the opposite of that awful world of prostitution."With an estimated,000 to,000 prostitutes in Israel, a country of about eight million people, antiprostitution campaigners say the industry has an annual turnover of more than half a billion dollars . While it is illegal to pimp or to run a brothel, prostitution is not a criminal offense in Israel . There are efforts to promote new legislation that would impose criminal penalties on people who are clients of prostitutes.Up until a few years ago Israel was a prime destination for traffickers of women. An estimated,000 women per year were smuggled in, mostly from Eastern Europe, to work in the sex industry. That number has declined since Israel passed an antitrafficking law in, according to the United States State Department Trafficking in Persons Report of, and most of the prostitutes here are now said to be Israelis .At around the same time as Ms. Tzur Ben-Moshe's move to the Shapira Quarter, Israel's first hostel for women trying to get out of prostitution and undergoing rehabilitation, Saleet, opened nearby. Ms. Tzur Ben-Moshe built the first course with Ido Recanati, a local fashion designer, offering women from the hostel training in sketching, fabrics and stitching. She then teamed with Iris Stern Levi, who had worked for 20 years at the rape crisis center. They founded an association, called Turning the Tables, and now are directors of the program, whose weekly sessions take place over a period of several months. Some students come from the hostel; some via Elem, an Israeli organization for youths in distress; and some are from a shelter for women straight out of prison. Financing has come from the National Council of Jewish Women, an American organization of volunteers and advocates of social justice, as well as local companies and private individuals . Many Israelis connected with the fashion industry — designers, fabric suppliers and the Gertrude fashion house among others — have donated time and materials.The efforts, Ms. Tzur Ben-Moshe said, are "our little bit, to show there's a way out."
 SOUTH BEND, Ind. — The camera panned across the lush, green, Irish landscape, when a voice came from off-screen."They said they have mooses out here," the voice said.That excited Louis Nix III, the Notre Dame nose guard known as Irish Chocolate, who was the cameraman and star of a YouTube series titled "Chocolate News.""I'll go pet a moose," he said in response. "I feel like they have a moose petting zoo out here — that's how nice it is. I don't know who would like to go pet a moose, but me? I would pet a moose in Ireland."He suddenly turned the camera on himself, his mouth momentarily filling the screen."Because we're in Ireland, we pet mooses around here," he said. "You feel me?"This was Nix in rare form — in search of a moose to pet before the team's season opener in Ireland. This was why Irish Chocolate is a celebrity of sorts among classmates and die-hard alumni. And this was, essentially, why Nix has not made an episode since."Things were going well, man," Nix said last month, his voice dropping, his eyes drooping. "We were trying to stay focused ."Amid Notre Dame's undefeated season, one that has landed it in Monday's Bowl Championship Series title game against Alabama, there was apparently no time for "Chocolate News," a five-episode distillation of Nix's irrepressible personality. No time to scold teammates for poor choices at the grocery store, no time to interview Coach Brian Kelly after back surgery, no time to swing a golf club worse than Charles Barkley. No time to broadcast his Irish Chocolate adventures. Nix was a tad busy pressuring quarterbacks and occupying blockers trying to reach linebackers Manti Te'o and Stephon Tuitt, who were all-Americans. Te'o, who finished second in the Heisman Trophy voting, said he would have cast his ballot for Nix . And Tuitt credited Nix's Irish Chocolate persona for keeping the team loose, like a great clown among children.But Nix insists he is serious now. Kelly may sometimes call him Chocolate Thunder, and his teammates may call him just plain Chocolate, or Sweet Lou, but Nix has matured, his coaches say. He is still Irish Chocolate, but "he's found a nice blend," said his position coach, Mike Elston. Nix still fires quips as fast as his first step. His observational banter is uncensored and honest, like his on-field advice. His best work is instinctive."I've always taken what I did seriously," Nix said, "but at a slower pace."He first committed to Notre Dame when it had no coach — after Charlie Weis had been fired and before Kelly arrived. He found it preposterous that his future should depend on a coach, and not a university. Then he reported to camp overweight at 368 pounds. Nix was embarrassed. He finished near the back during team sprints, sat as a freshman, started 11 games last season, and then temporarily lost his starting spot in spring practice. He heard coaches whisper he was fit enough for only 15 to 20 plays a game.How much does Nix weigh now? He paused, then with a straight face said, "300," causing a group of reporters to laugh. But Elston said, in all seriousness, that Nix reported to fall camp in the best shape of his life. On the team's Web site, Nix is listed at 326 pounds. His official team photo shows him smiling as wide as he can.When he is playing, that expression disappears. Notre Dame center Braxston Cave, who regularly blocks Nix in practice, said, "I don't think I've ever seen him smile on the field." Nix almost certainly was not smiling this season when Notre Dame needed to stop Stanford twice at its own 1- yard line in overtime to remain undefeated . On both plays, the Cardinal gave the ball to running back Stepfan Taylor up the middle, at Nix . Both times, Nix held his own, penetrated through the offensive line, and, along with Te'o and a mob of defenders, stuffed Taylor."It's the last play of the game of a 70-play game," Elston said. "If he doesn't have great stamina and great conditioning, he's going to be tired, he's going to get a little bit high, he's going to get knocked off the ball, he's not going to have the energy to get off the block."
 ATLANTA — The number of guns confiscated at airports across the United States is on the rise, the Transportation Security Administration says.A record-setting,500 firearms were detected by security screeners in, according to the agency. That number is up from about,300 in. And nearly 85 percent of the weapons were loaded."It does concern us that this number is rising," said Lisa Farbstein, an agency spokeswoman. "But we will not speculate on the causes."The agency allows passengers with proper permits to fly with guns that are unloaded and stored in hard-sided checked baggage. The police are called when weapons are found in carry-on luggage or on a passenger. The world's busiest airport, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport here, topped the list, with more than 100 guns confiscated in, followed by 75 guns at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and 50 guns at Phoenix .In the New York area, where firearm laws are stricter, the number of detected guns declined this year. Three guns were confiscated at La Guardia Airport, two at Newark Liberty International, and none at Kennedy International.The most common type of confiscated gun was a.380 semiautomatic pistol. Airport officials also detected stun guns, grenades and rocket launchers .From Dec. 14 to, the week after a school massacre in Newtown, Conn., there was a slight increase in weapons . Screeners caught 11 passengers with stun guns, 3 with grenades and 34 with guns.
 A quarter-century ago, the N.C.A.A. announced unprecedented penalties for Southern Methodist University after it found that players had been paid from a slush fund, invoking the so-called death penalty by suspending the football program for the 1987 season.Amid the turmoil, David R. McCormack, an alumnus and a lawyer, sued the N.C.A.A. in federal court on behalf of Southern Methodist's graduates, its students, and several players and cheerleaders, accusing the N.C.A.A. of breaking federal antitrust laws . The class-action suit charged the N.C.A.A. with, among other things, imposing penalties unequally and without due process.The McCormack case, ultimately rejected by an appeals court, is one of several lawsuits against the N.C.A.A. now being recalled after Gov . Tom Corbett of Pennsylvania announced Wednesday that he was suing the organization on behalf of the state . Corbett is alleging that the N.C.A.A. committed antitrust violations through the penalties it levied on Penn State after the child sexual abuse scandal involving the former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky .Robert M. Roller, a lawyer in Texas who represented the N.C.A.A. in the McCormack case, said in an interview that the case felt significant at the time."I thought it was an important case, especially on the antitrust" issues, said Roller, now semiretired. He said it was also important "because of the severity of the sanctions .""In hindsight, it ended football there for a while," he said.The McCormack case had trouble gaining traction, though. In, an appeals court dismissed the lawsuit, agreeing with a lower court's decision that some of the plaintiffs did not have standing to bring the suit. S.M.U., like Penn State now, was not a party to the case .Among McCormack's assertions were that football players' careers were ruined, that the university experience was harmed and that cheerleaders experienced "considerable emotional anguish and distress" by not being able to cheer at games. McCormack, who is now dead, sought tens of millions of dollars in damages from the N.C.A.A.As the case was dismissed, Judge Alvin B. Rubin wrote that he gave "the loyal students and alumni credit for making a college try." Legal experts said Thursday that the case shows how difficult it can be to beat the N.C.A.A. in court, something other antitrust cases filed against the organization have also demonstrated. Corbett is expected to face a tough task litigating his claims that the N.C.A.A. was "overreaching and unlawful" in how it punished Penn State and its football program and harmed Pennsylvania residents in the process. Penn State was fined $60 million, among other penalties, and the football team was given a four-year postseason ban and significant scholarship reductions.But Corbett is likely to have better footing for his case than McCormack did, legal experts said.The McCormack and Corbett cases have basic similarities: each involved a third party suing the N.C.A.A. and alleging antitrust violations after the organization issued steep penalties against a successful football program. But a key difference is that it should be easier for Corbett, a governor, to establish he can bring a case on behalf of those he claims the N.C.A.A. has hurt."I think it would be difficult to argue that Corbett does not have standing to file here," said Timothy Epstein, an expert in sports law, noting that Corbett was also a member of the university's board of trustees . Penn State agreed to the N.C.A.A. penalties when they were handed down in July.Corbett initiated his case on the basis that he could, through his office, represent the interests of the people of the state . In the suit, he called the Penn State football program "an important economic engine supporting Pennsylvanians across the commonwealth," saying that it generated more than $50 million a year. He said the N.C.A.A.'s actions hurt the football program, the people who relied on it for work, ticket sales, state revenue and students who decided to attend Penn State in part because of the team.The McCormack case also differed in that it included football players as plaintiffs. The appeals court ruling addressed the claims of football players separately, but it ultimately dismissed them, too.David Blewett, a former S.M.U. football player, said that he remembered hearing about the case at the time but that he never took it seriously and was not contacted about getting involved."If I could go back in time, I might have signed onto it so I could see what could have happened," said Blewett, who recently wrote a book about his experiences at S.M.U. "The S.M.U. players never had their day in court after we got the death penalty ."
Producing the earliest color photographs was a grueling task. In the 1890s, as companies started manufacturing photosensitive glass plates, employees on the factory floors were routinely exposed to clouds of benzene and ammonia. Photographers ladled out dose after dose of similarly toxic compounds to develop the images, and had to lug around cumbersome darkroom equipment.The resulting transparent artworks on glass were fragile from the start, and they have aged poorly. "The Lumière Autochrome: History, Technology, and Preservation," a book due early this year from Getty Publications, contains a long section about common problems in autochromes. Patented by Louis Lumière in 1903 and produced by the Lumière factory in Lyon, France, they were made out of dyed potato starch sandwiched between glass panes.The pigments can fade and peel, the glass bubbles and cracks, and mold creeps in. Owners should rarely bring the photos out of storage. "It is therefore recommended that autochrome images be displayed only in the form of digital or photographic reproductions," the photo conservation experts Bertrand Lavédrine and Jean-Paul Gandolfo write in the Getty book.This kind of picture, so arduously created and hard to preserve, has attracted widespread scholarly interest in the last year."Color Rush: 75 Years of Color Photography in America," an exhibition opening on Feb. 22 at the Milwaukee Art Museum, shows copies of autochromes by renowned photographers like Alfred Stieglitz and Edward Steichen."Nostalgia: The Russian Empire of Czar Nicholas II, Captured in Color Photographs by Sergei Mikhailovich Prokudin-Gorskii," a recent monograph from Gestalten, documents the journeys of Prokudin-Gorskii that the Romanovs financed, beginning in, throughout the vast and diverse empire, from old Russia to Siberia to Turkestan."Sarah Angelina Acland: First Lady of Colour Photography," a new book published by the Bodleian Library (and distributed by the University of Chicago Press, is the first study of a native of Oxford, England, who attracted overflowing crowds to her slide lectures in the early 1900s but is now obscure.These books and the exhibition's wall texts describe physical feats and risk-taking . Prokudin-Gorskii traveled with a mobile darkroom in a train wagon, "traversing what was, in some cases, largely impassable terrain," the historian Estelle Blaschke writes. He sometimes spent days in remote spots, waiting for sunny days to flatter barren landscapes. While unrest brewed at the edges of the czar's territories, Prokudin-Gorskii took portraits of colorfully dressed Muslim peddlers, wizened monks planting potatoes, engineers finishing up dams and bridges, and bored Austrian prisoners of war .Acland had suffered a childhood neurological ailment that debilitated her left leg, and she sometimes used a wheelchair or had porters carry her in hammocks. Yet she managed to photograph steep garden paths and seashore cliffs, using newly invented color plates and tools with trade names like Kromaz, Omnicolore and Dioptichrome.Acland's works, which mostly belong to Oxford museums, have developed a few burn marks and cracks, which are reproduced in the Bodleian book. Prokudin-Gorskii's plates narrowly survived as he fled the Soviets and resettled in Paris, and then he had to scramble to save the archive from the Nazis. In 1948 his descendants donated it to the Library of Congress, and the Gestalten volume shows how many streaks, stains and fissures have marred the scenes.More discoveries in the field are in progress. The Chester County Historical Society in West Chester, Pa., has been leafing through hundreds of color photos from the early 1900s by William C. South, an inventor in Downingtown, Pa. He called his patented process Solgram and boasted in ads that it could " rival a watercolor executed by a master," but the company lasted only two years.Forgotten early color images have also appeared on the market . Hans P. Kraus Jr., a Manhattan gallerist, has a dozen autochromes in stock, and on a recent gloomy morning, he laid a few on a white LED panel that would not cause heat damage. He briefly illuminated a scene of picnickers in a French meadow,500) and a still life,000) with a bouquet beside a cooked lobster in blazing red.Luisa Roldán, a 17th-century Spanish sculptor known as La Roldána, supported her family by molding tableaus of religious figures in terra cotta . Her Madrid workshop supplied royal families and aristocrats with saints, angels and martyrs, and she carved each clay detail of jewelry and embroidered billowing robes. At the bases of the statues, tiny rabbits and reptiles are half hidden by tree roots, irises and blades of grass.Hardly any of her works have left Spain; the only major group in the United States consists of three at the Hispanic Society of America in Washington Heights . They have just been restored, and they will go on view in a few weeks in the courtyard, near displays of gilt-encrusted priests' vestments that resemble La Roldána's painted drapery.A year ago Hélène Fontoira, a conservator at the Hispanic Society, began analyzing the statues' condition. They were acquired in, without much provenance information. Previous owners had repaired wings and other extremities on animals, angels and cherubs, and slathered muddy new paint on clothing. Art dealers had most likely commissioned the upgrades. "They wanted the piece to look fresh and good and salable, probably," Ms. Fontoira said.She decided not to remove the replacement limbs, which were not damaging the historic parts, although the later artists had lacked La Roldána's skill at rendering feathers and fingers. Ms. Fontoira did take off coatings of modern Prussian blue pigment, which was not widely available in La Roldána's lifetime, to expose the original ultramarine paint.While cleaning the terra cotta surfaces, Ms. Fontoira realized that La Roldána had sculptured pearl earrings and a ruby and gold ring for St . Catherine, and colorful tiled steps under her gown. Geometric incised motifs turned up on rumpled leather sacks at the feet of Mary and Joseph cradling the infant Jesus. Ms. Fontoira even found the artist's fingerprints in the clay."Every day we discovered a new color, every day we discovered a different shape," she said.Given all the fragile projections on the sculptures, loan requests are not welcome. "They will never go anywhere," Ms. Fontoira said in a firm but not unkindly tone.A terra cotta religious tableau attributed to the sculptor is also in another New York museum, although not on view. The Metropolitan Museum of Art owns a pair of angels in embroidered robes, leaning against a stone balustrade and touching their wings while mourning over Jesus' flagellation wounds.
Her album "21" (XL/Columbia, released almost two years ago, was the top seller in, as it was in, marking the first time since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking music sales in 1991 that one album has reigned for two consecutive years . According to figures released Thursday "21" sold.4 million copies in the United States last year, after selling.8 million in. Late last year "21" crossed the 10 million mark, becoming the 21 st album to do so in the SoundScan era.The second-biggest album of 2012 was Taylor Swift's "Red" (Big Machine, with.1 million sales. It is also the top album on the latest weekly Billboard album chart, compiled from sales in the week that included Christmas, selling,000 copies in that period.The British boy band One Direction scored two slots in the year-end chart. "Up All Night," released in March, reached No. 3 with.6 million sales; "Take Me Home," from November, is No. 5 with.3 million . (Both were released by Syco/Columbia.) The fourth-biggest album of the year — and the only rock title in the Top 10 — was Mumford & Sons' "Babel" (Glassnote, with almost.5 million copies sold. The music industry had started off 2012 with a hopeful spring in its step, because it had seemingly broken a long losing streak for its most lucrative product — album sales . In 2011 — for only the second time in a decade — sales increased slightly.3 percent, leading some to wonder whether things were finally turning around. But in, despite big numbers for a few top acts, the industry's familiar sales pattern returned: falling album sales, with the growth in downloads not enough to offset the rapid decline of the CD.A total of 316 million albums were sold in, down 4 percent for the year. Sales of CD's were down by.5 percent, but full album downloads gained 14 percent, to a new high of 118 million . About 37 percent of albums are now bought digitally, while the CD continues to fade: its sales have declined 75 percent since.One number that keeps going up, however, is song downloads, which in 2012 increased by 5 percent to reach.3 billion. Each of the three most popular tracks last year reached the mainstream through paths that were once unorthodox but are increasingly becoming the norm.No. 1 was "Somebody That I Used to Know" by the Belgian-Australian songwriter Gotye, which was downloaded.8 million times; Carly Rae Jepsen's "Call Me Maybe" was second with.5 million ; and Fun.'s "We Are Young" reached No. 3 with nearly 6 million . Gotye and Ms. Jepsen's songs owed much of their success to clever videos that caught fire on social media . Fun.'s song was propelled by television, first in an episode of "Glee" and then in a commercial shown during the Super Bowl .Another bright spot, albeit a small one, is the continuing popularity of vinyl albums, whose sales rose 18 percent to.6 million, the biggest that SoundScan has recorded since. The top record was Jack White's "Blunderbuss" (Third Man/Columbia, which sold,000 copies, bumping the Beatles' "Abbey Road" to No. 2 after a three-year run at the top.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. — The first day the kicking instructor Nick Gancitano worked with a skinny teenager named Blair Walsh on a high school field near Walsh's home in Boca Raton, Fla., Gancitano noticed something that set the young prospect apart from others.It was not Walsh's strong right leg. It was his attention span."Blair maintained eye contact with me when I was speaking with him," Gancitano said in a telephone interview this week. "At that age, that's not an easy thing to do. It's easy to get distracted."To Gancitano, who kicked at Penn State from 1981 to, it revealed Walsh had two of the traits imperative for kicking success: concentration and humility. Walsh wanted to be good and to learn."If you think you already know," Gancitano said, "the mind won't be open when the truth does come out."Still, even Gancitano could not have predicted Walsh's rookie season for the Minnesota Vikings . One year after a baffling senior slump at Georgia hurt his draft standing, Walsh led the N.F.L. with 35 field goals this season, on 38 attempts. He converted 10 from 50 yards or more, a league record, without a miss.His two game-winning field goals provided bookends to a 141-point season. He punctuated his N.F.L. debut on Sept. 9 against Jacksonville with a 38-yard winner in overtime, after hitting a 55-yarder as time expired in regulation . That kick was the longest by an N.F.L. rookie in a season opener .Last Sunday his 29-yarder on the game's final play beat Green Bay, 37-34, to put the Vikings in the playoffs. Walsh actually made that one twice; the first did not count because Packers Coach Mike McCarthy called a timeout before the play in an attempt to rattle him."He's beyond his years as a rookie, which is incredible," said Cullen Loeffler, the Vikings' veteran long snapper. "It's hard to break into this league the way that he has. He didn't just break in. He broke through. It's been amazing what he's done, and it's been a lot of fun."A rematch with the Packers in an N.F.C. wild-card game at Lambeau Field on Saturday night offers a fresh challenge for Walsh's focus and nerve. He has never kicked outdoors in a game in which the temperature fell below 40 degrees. The Saturday forecast for Green Bay, Wis., according to accuweather.com, calls for a high of 26 with a low of.Two of the three field goals Walsh missed this season came outdoors on grass. Julius Peppers blocked a 30-yard try in Chicago on Nov. 25, which Walsh said had a low trajectory. The next week at Lambeau, Walsh pushed a 42-yarder to the right. The Vikings lost both games, though the 23-14 defeat at Green Bay irritated Walsh more."I want to go in there and have a good showing," Walsh said. "I remember leaving that stadium dejected from the fact that we lost, and the fact that I missed my only attempt. So I'm definitely motivated to go back in there and have a successful game this time." Vikings Coach Leslie Frazier's decision to practice this week inside the field house at Winter Park, even with the heat off and the doors open, limited Walsh's exposure to the swirling winds and uncertain footing he may face Saturday. The field house has newly installed artificial turf. Walsh said he would monitor the wind Saturday in the time-honored way, repeatedly tossing up handfuls of grass."You've just got to prepare to know that you're going to be cold and you're going to be uncomfortable, and then put it out of your mind once the game starts," Walsh said. "You can't be sitting there thinking about how cold it is and how miserable your body feels. You've got to make sure you're staying warm, staying loose and ready to go at any point."The 22-year-old Walsh is a Viking because the special teams coach Mike Priefer recommended the team release the reliable veteran Ryan Longwell after last season and bring in someone with a stronger leg for kickoffs. Among regular kickers, Longwell's 19 touchbacks in 2011 ranked him near the bottom of the league . Only Atlanta and San Diego allowed more kickoff return yards than Minnesota .Priefer and the special teams assistant coach Chris White worked out collegians and veterans before settling on Walsh, a sixth- round pick who missed 14 field goals as a senior at Georgia after going a combined 40 of 45 in his sophomore and junior seasons. Priefer felt Walsh was rushing, and a minor fix to his footwork and tempo solved the problem."We slowed him down to an incredibly slow time, and had him build back up from there," Priefer said. "It didn't take long. By the end of the spring, he was almost game-ready. That's a tribute to him, his hard work and his understanding of his craft."The big season by Walsh contrasted with the lengthy slump of Green Bay's Mason Crosby, who missed 12 of 24 field-goal attempts from Oct. 7 to Dec. 16. McCarthy stuck with Crosby, who righted himself by going 4 of 4 the last two weeks. Walsh's long-distance accuracy surprised Crosby, who converted only 2 of 9 attempts from 50 yards or longer, the second a 51-yarder on Sunday."I didn't realize he had so many kicks from over 50 yards," Crosby said. "That's impressive for anyone, rookie or not."This will be a test coming to Lambeau in the playoffs with the wind and the cold. It can be tricky, but he's handled everything so well this year."Even with a little stubble on his face, Walsh, who is listed at 5 feet 10 inches, hardly gives off the aura of a grizzled football player . Needing a caffeine boost before Sunday's game, Walsh, still in street clothes, walked up to the Metrodome concourse and bought a Diet Coke from a vendor for. He said no one recognized him."I blend in pretty easily," he said.
 WASHINGTON — Just a few months after announcing a campaign to reduce unemployment, Federal Reserve officials are already debating how soon to stop it, reflecting persistent internal divisions about the effort's value.At a meeting in December, several members of the Fed's policy making committee argued that purchases of Treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities should be reduced or ended "well before the end of," according to an account of the meeting the Fed published Thursday after a customary three-week delay. The Fed announced after the meeting that it would keep buying assets until the pace of job creation improved substantially, part of an effort to increase the impact of its policies by announcing economic objectives rather than end dates. But the account shows that many members of the 12-person committee continue to think in terms of end dates, partly because they are worried about the potential costs .The concerns include the potential disruption of financial markets and the delicate balance between encouraging private borrowing and unleashing speculation. Fed officials professed less concern that the purchases could loosen the Fed's grip on inflation . They noted that inflation remained low, and that they expected it to stay under control."While almost all members thought that the asset purchase program begun in September had been effective and supportive of growth, they also generally saw that the benefits of ongoing purchases were uncertain and that the potential costs could rise as the size of the balance sheet increased," the meeting account said.The stock market declined after the Fed released the account of its deliberations, suggesting some investors were surprised by the cautious tone, but the drop was modest. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index lost.21 percent of its value at the close of trading.Joseph LaVorgna, an economist at Deutsche Bank, said investors had expected the Fed to keep buying "through much, if not all, of this year." He said investors would now need to watch more closely for evidence that the recovery was gaining strength, which could lead the Fed to curtail its purchases."This should significantly amplify the financial market's sensitivity to upcoming economic data," Mr. LaVorgna wrote in a note to clients Thursday.The government will release its monthly jobs report Friday morning .But Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial, said investors should keep the account in perspective, as a reflection of modest misgivings in the middle of the most aggressive effort the Fed has ever undertaken to stimulate the economy .The central bank announced after the December meeting that it planned to hold short-term interest rates near zero at least until the unemployment rate fell below.5 percent, provided inflation remained under control, and it estimated that the rate would cross that threshold no sooner than mid.The Fed also plans to maintain for the foreseeable future the vast portfolio of Treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities it has acquired since 2008 to further reduce borrowing costs for businesses and consumers .And Ms. Swonk said she saw nothing in the account to alter her conviction that the Fed intended to keep adding to that stockpile through the coming year. She said the reservations of some officials had not prevented the new campaign, and would not force an early conclusion, because the basic argument for the purchases remained compelling: the economy is not growing fast enough, too many people remain unemployed, and the rest of government is not helping."I think that they would love to be able to stop," Ms. Swonk said, but given the condition of the economy, "I think there's still a huge bias toward buying."She said that four of the 12 members of the Federal Open Market Committee would be replaced in January, and that two new arrivals — Charles L. Evans, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, and Eric S. Rosengren, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston — had been outspoken supporters of asset purchases . The Fed's current program of asset purchases began in September with the announcement that it would buy $40 billion in mortgage bonds each month until the outlook for the labor market "improved substantially."In December, the Fed said it would also expand its holdings of Treasuries by $45 billion each month, replacing a program in which it acquired that amount of long-term Treasuries each month by selling the same amount of short-term Treasuries, so that the total size of its portfolio remained unchanged .The account said that a few officials predicted the purchases would need to continue through the end of the year, and a few said it was too soon to make a judgment."Several others thought that it would probably be appropriate to slow or to stop purchases well before the end of, citing concerns about financial stability or the size of the balance sheet," the account continued, before concluding, "One member viewed any additional purchases as unwarranted."
PARIS — As much as many Americans, the Swiss love their guns, seeing them as integral to their national traditions of self-reliance, independence and international neutrality, with a trained and equipped citizen- army capable of deterring any foolish invader. Many Swiss, after serving in the army, keep their service weapons at home, and the country has no national register for firearms.Only two years ago, in February, the Swiss handily rejected restrictions on gun ownership in a national referendum.Those views are unlikely to change soon, even after a mentally imbalanced man shot and killed three women and wounded two men in the southern Swiss village of Daillon on Wednesday evening . The gunman, who was known to the authorities but not thought to be dangerous, was wounded by the police as they arrested him and is now in intensive care.The gunman, 33, who was not identified, had been placed in a psychiatric ward in, when guns he then owned were taken from him and destroyed, according to the Swiss police in the canton of Valais, about 60 miles east of Geneva . It is not known how he got the arms he used in the killings — including a hunting gun and a Swiss Army carbine in use in the first half of the last century, a regional public prosecutor, Catherine Seppey, said at a news conference — but guns are easily available in Switzerland.According to villagers who spoke to local news agencies, the gunman was unemployed, on welfare and getting psychiatric care, and was a ward of the court . On Wednesday around 9 p.m., he began firing from his apartment toward passers-by in the street and neighboring buildings before going outside and continuing to fire as many as 20 shots. He had been drinking heavily, some villagers told the Swiss Web site 20minutes.ch.The gunman killed three Daillon women, ages, 54 and; all were shot at least twice, in the head and chest. The two wounded men were 63 and; one is in critical condition. The youngest woman killed was married to the younger wounded man, and they had young children together, Ms. Seppey said."We have no words to express ourselves after an event like this," Christophe Germanier, head of the Conthey district, said at a news conference .The gunman's only previous conviction was for marijuana use. The village has only about 200 people and is surrounded by vineyards.In a separate incident on Wednesday, an armed man in another village stormed into a restaurant and fired into the ceiling, but no one was hurt. In, a local man shot and killed 14 people in the town of Zug.There are said to be at least.3 million weapons among a Swiss population of less than 8 million people. Gun clubs and hunting are popular. Swiss men required to do national service often take their army rifles, now semiautomatic assault rifles, home with them, to be ready for some future invader. But since, according to The Associated Press, the government has required that most ammunition for these weapons be kept at secure army depots.But thousands of Swiss also own hunting rifles, target rifles and pistols.Switzerland's firearms laws are minimal. The local debate tends to center more on the high rate of guns used in suicides. In the campaign before the February 2011 referendum, the Swiss Medical Association argued that keeping army weapons in secure arsenals, instead of at home, would reduce suicides and domestic violence . Jacques de Haller, the association president, told the BBC at the time that "we have statistics which show that young men commit suicide with the military firearm. What's more, you have domestic violence from that."He argued that the tradition no longer made sense. "We're not going to defend Switzerland against the Red Army from the kitchen window or the backyard," he said. "Today, the dangers are different."The referendum would have required storage of army rifles in a central, locked store, the screening of gun owners and a national registry of firearms. The proposal was rejected by 56 percent of voters and a majority of cantons.
BEIRUT, Lebanon — Hassan Nasrallah, the leader of Hezbollah, openly urged the Lebanese government on Thursday to take a more active role in finding a political solution to the civil war in neighboring Syria and to open its border to refugees to avert further bloodshed .Mr. Nasrallah, the head of the Shiite militant movement in Lebanon, addressed a ceremony in the town of Baalbek, near the Syrian border, by video link, underscoring the urgency of the need for a resolution. "I call on the Lebanese government to develop its position on the Syrian crisis," Mr. Nasrallah said, speaking in observance of Arbaeen, the end of a 40-day mourning period for the death of a grandson of the Prophet Muhammad . " Lebanon must exert pressure for a political solution and a political dialogue in Syria . If military operations continue in Syria, it will be a long and bloody battle."Mr. Nasrallah has only occasionally commented on events in Syria during speeches.After the Syrian uprising started in March, the prime minister of Lebanon, Najib Mikati, declared that the country would pursue a line of "disassociation" from either side, a position apparently aimed at keeping the fighting from spilling across the border. Nevertheless, there have been occasional flare-ups inside Lebanon and episodes of cross-border shelling.Mr. Nasrallah also spoke as reports emerged of the escalating death toll among civilians. As the conflict now approaches the end of its second year, multiple reports flow in daily of civilian casualties from airstrikes, gunfire and shelling. This week, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, an opposition group that tracks the war from Britain, reported,000 deaths, mostly civilian, since the conflict began, while United Nations' human rights chief, Navi Pillay, set the number at more than,000, based on a new analysis of the broadest data to date.Mr. Nasrallah also touched on the refugee problem. Last month the United Nations appealed for.5 billion in new aid to handle the humanitarian crisis created by the violence and predicted that the number of Syrian refugees would double to more than one million in the next six months. There are now about,000 registered refugees in Lebanon alone. Jordan has at least,000; Turkey, 140,000; Iraq, more than,000; and Egypt, more than,000. How many more are unregistered is uncertain.While Mr. Nasrallah said the best solution for the refugees would be a halt to the violence, he said: "We should deal with the Syrian refugees with purely humanitarian responsibility, without politicization of the issue. Attention must be paid to the displaced families, whatever their political background.""We, as Lebanon, cannot close the border with Syria, with our understanding of the political, security and economic risks for this massive displacement," he said.Mr. Nasrallah also emphasized the deep connections between Lebanon and Syria ."We must recognize that Lebanon is a country mostly affected by what is going on around it, especially in Syria, because of sectarian and political diversity, and conflict of interest," he said.Mr. Nasrallah and the Hezbollah group have kept their loyalty to Syria's president, Bashar al-Assad, an Alawite, relatively low-key . Fighters from the movement cross the border to fight for the president, and some have been sent to protect areas important to Shiites, analysts say. With the frontier between Syria and Lebanon weakly controlled, there are concerns that it could be the focus of confrontations with Sunni fighters in a possible regional conflict . Hezbollah officials strongly deny that the group is fighting in Syria, although Mr. Nasrallah has said that Hezbollah was providing assistance in protecting people of Lebanese heritage in Syrian villages along the border.Efforts to find a political solution in Syria by Russia, the United Nations' special envoy and others have appeared to founder in recent days as neither Mr. Assad nor his opponents have expressed a willingness to make concessions to end the bloody conflict .Nor has there been any change in the case of James Foley, a freelance reporter for Agence France-Presse, the Global Post Web site and other news outlets who was kidnapped on Nov. 22 by unidentified gunmen in northwest Syria . His family made his disappearance public on Wednesday. Mr. Foley had survived detention by government forces in Libya while covering the conflict there.